# Speaker: Daniela Deschamps

## Event: Apple Event  — September 12, 2023

> **EN:** Ultra 2 gets the powerful new S9 SiP. That means you can use the new Double Tap gesture anytime your hands are full. Set a Waypoint using just your voice with the new on-device Siri, even when you have no connectivity. And Precision Finding with the second generation Ultra Wideband chip helps you easily find your iPhone when you can't remember where it's stowed. Ultra 2 also has a new advanced display architecture that pushes the brightness to a massive 3000 nits. It's the brightest display Apple has ever created, and makes Ultra 2 more readable in the harshest sunlight. To take advantage of this incredible display, we created an exclusive new watch face called Modular Ultra. It's the first to use the outermost edge of the display to show real-time data like altitude, depth, or the passing seconds. Modular Ultra can be customized to provide the most information at a glance of any digital watch face we have ever made. And now Night Mode uses the ambient light sensor to activate automatically in the dark. Day or night, Ultra has so much to offer. And for runners, it's the perfect choice with advanced metrics, a big, brighter display, a customizable Action button, and precision dual-frequency GPS. And this year, watchOS 10 takes cycling to the next level, allowing you to connect Bluetooth accessories to measure cadence, speed, and power. Apple Watch also helps you get the most out of your training with Power Zones. And if you start a cycling workout on your watch, it automatically shows up as a Live Activity on your iPhone. Ultra 2 is designed for extremes and has been tested across the largest range of altitudes for any Apple product, from the lowest valleys to the highest peaks. Ultra is also great for your underwater adventures. The Depth app now saves a log of each session, so you can review your dives right on Ultra and in the Fitness app on iPhone. From alpine peaks, to deep water, to the open road, we can't wait to see where you take Ultra 2. Now, back to Jeff.

