# Speaker: Deniz Teoman

## Event: Apple Event  — September 12, 2023

> **EN:** It's a feature you can use every day. Sometimes a call can't go through because you're off the grid. When you need help in an emergency, iPhone introduced a breakthrough new service: Emergency SOS via satellite. It's having an extraordinary impact, including helping first responders rescue people after accidents and natural disasters. And users have let their loved ones know that they're safe, by updating their location with Find My via satellite in places from the Shetland Islands in Scotland to Mount Wellington in Tasmania. Emergency SOS and Find My via satellite have expanded to 14 countries on three continents, and they're coming to Spain and Switzerland this month. Emergency SOS was built for serious emergencies that require a first responder. But say you have car trouble and no cellular or Wi-Fi service. For those times, we're introducing Roadside Assistance via satellite. It's built on the same advanced technology as our existing satellite service, and it's so easy to use. Just text Roadside Assistance and select what kind of help you need. Then the intuitive interface will guide you to connect to a satellite and share that information with a roadside assistance provider. They'll message you directly and dispatch help to your exact location, with the right equipment to get you moving. It's launching in the US with AAA, the country's largest roadside assistance provider. Roadside service is covered by AAA membership and is also available separately for non-members. This is yet another way that iPhone is essential in our lives. Now, back to Kaiann.

