# Speaker: Dye

## Event: Apple Event — September 15, 2020

> **EN:** The watch face is the most powerful and personal aspect of Apple Watch. Our approach to face design begins with a deep respect for the history of timekeeping. We combined that sense of craft with the powerful technologies and capabilities of Apple Watch to create these new faces. The GMT face shows multiple time zones at once and takes into account where you are. The Count-up face lets you start tracking elapsed time from any given point. And inspired by classic racing watches, the Chronograph Pro face features multiple time scales, including a tachymeter to measure speed based on time traveled over a set distance. In the Typograph face, numerals can be displayed in three custom type styles and four different scripts. Every combination is tailored to fit the face perfectly. We also collaborated with the artist Geoff McFetridge to create a unique piece of art for your watch. There are millions of combinations, and a different one animates when you raise your wrist. The Memoji face brings your favorite Memoji to your watch. Each one moves and reacts to your touch. And with the Stripes face, you can show your pride in who you are, support your favorite team or even match what you're wearing. We're so proud to add to the legacy of Apple Watch faces with this new collection. In watchOS 7, we also gave developers new tools to build even more specialized watch faces. So if you're into surfing, there's a watch face for that, with apps like Dawn Patrol to check surf conditions. Or if you're into photography, there's a watch face for that, with apps like Lumy to help you track the sun's position. Or if you're a healthcare provider, there's a watch face for that, with apps like Notable to see your upcoming appointments. Watch faces have always been a great way to personalize your Apple Watch. Another is interchangeable bands. Now, traditional watch bands have a clasp or a buckle, and they're limited to a few preset sizes for fit. Well, today we're excited to introduce something completely different. We call it the Solo Loop. The Solo Loop is remarkably simple. No clasp, no buckle, no overlapping parts. Just one continuous piece. Made from custom liquid silicone, the Solo Loop is stretchable, so you can easily slip it on and off your wrist. It looks great, and it's durable, and it's swimproof, so it can go anywhere. It's available in a range of sizes so you can find your most comfortable fit. And it comes in seven fantastic colors. This new band style is so comfortable, we did another version called... the Braided Solo Loop. It's made from 100% recycled yarn that's meticulously braided with ultrathin silicone threads, and it will be available in five colors. We're also offering a new take on the leather band with the new Leather Link, with no loop-back or clasp of any kind. There are also great new updates for Apple Watch Nike, with fun new Sport Band and Sport Loop colors plus a new Nike watch face. And for Apple Watch Hermès, we're introducing the new Attelage band, in both single tour... and double tour. That's Apple Watch Series 6, the most advanced Apple Watch ever. We think you're gonna love all the amazing new features. This year we're doing two additional things to make Apple Watch available to even more people. And the first is an entirely new way for families to use Apple Watch. And here's Deidre to tell you all about it. Apple Watch is essential for staying connected to those you love, whether that's a child or an older adult. Right now, Apple Watch needs to pair with an iPhone, which is something they might not have. This is why we're excited to introduce Family Setup. With Family Setup, you can use your iPhone to pair watches for your children or older members in your household who don't have their own phones. And they will have their own phone number and account. Let me show you how it works. Family Setup enables greater independence for your kids or older parents. And you have the comfort of knowing they're just a call away. You get the safety and communication features that technology can deliver in a device that can be managed responsibly. For example, you can specify which contacts your kids can communicate with when using Messages and more. And you can set up automatic location notifications. So whether it's Grandma's house, school or basketball practice... you'll get the reassurance your child is exactly where you expect them to be. To help them stay active, kids can now track Move minutes and use all of the other great features of Activity and Workout in a way that works best for them. Kids can create a Memoji with just their watch and share it as stickers in Messages or in the new Memoji watch face. Whether they're learning at home or in the classroom, the new Schooltime mode helps kids stay focused with Do Not Disturb, restricted interaction and this distinctive look, which teachers or parents can recognize at a glance. These are just some of the ways Family Setup provides kids and older adults with the powerful and unique benefits of Apple Watch, even if they don't have an iPhone. Family Setup requires a cellular model of Apple Watch Series 4 and later and will be available at launch with these carrier partners... in these regions around the world, with more coming later this year. And that's Family Setup. Back to Jeff. We think Family Setup will keep families more connected, giving kids greater independence and agency and you more peace of mind. The second thing we're doing to make Apple Watch available to even more people is to create a new model that combines elements of Series 6 design with the most essential features of Apple Watch, all at a more affordable price. We call it Apple Watch SE. Apple Watch SE has the features customers love. It has everything you need to stay connected, be more active and keep an eye on your health. And like Series 6, Apple Watch SE uses our largest and most advanced watch display, allowing you to see so much more at a glance. More information and apps on your watch face. More in Messages, Calendar and Maps. And larger and easier-to-read metrics while you're working out. And for fast access to information and apps, Apple Watch SE uses the S5 chip, for up to two times faster performance than Series 3. And staying connected is even easier with the cellular models, which allow you to make phone calls, send messages and more, even without your phone. And with Family Setup, cellular models of Apple Watch SE will also be great for kids. Customers love using Apple Watch for fitness and working out, and Apple Watch SE has the same accelerometer, gyroscope, compass and altimeter as Series 6. And because it has the latest motion sensors, Apple Watch SE also supports fall detection, a feature that's made a lifesaving difference for many Apple Watch wearers. With all of these features and more, including the new capabilities in watchOS 7, we think Apple Watch SE will be the perfect watch for many new customers. Apple Watch SE starts at just $279. In addition, we're announcing Apple Card Financing for Apple Watch, so customers can easily pay across 24 monthly payments. Apple Watch Series 6, with the breakthrough new blood oxygen sensor, starts at just $399. And Series 3 continues at its great entry price of just $199. With three great Apple Watch models to choose from, there really is an Apple Watch for everyone. Now let's talk about what Apple Watch is doing to protect the environment. Apple's commitment to the environment spans everything we do, from how we design our products to the materials that go in them to how they're manufactured. And here's Lisa to share some of the many things Apple is doing to reduce our environmental footprint. We're proud that all of our corporate operations worldwide are carbon neutral. And we've done it by replacing dirty energy with clean renewable power. All of our offices, retail stores and data centers run on 100% renewable energy. We're also proud that we've cut our comprehensive carbon footprint by 35% since 2015. And you may have heard we're now taking our environmental commitment even further, starting with a promise. By 2030, Apple will be 100% carbon neutral for our entire end-to-end footprint, including our supply chain and products. To keep our promise, we're focusing on not just the energy we use but the materials needed to make our products. Let's take a look at Apple Watch. Beginning last year, our aluminum watch cases are made with 100% recycled aluminum. And for Series 6, we're now using 100% recycled rare earth elements and tungsten in the Taptic Engine. And we go to great lengths to make sure our products are free of harmful chemicals. Like all of our products, Apple Watch is free of BFR, PVC, beryllium and mercury, and the display glass is made without arsenic. And all of the fiber in our packaging comes from recycled sources or responsibly managed forests. Sometimes, it's not what we make but what we don't make that counts. We know that customers have been accumulating USB power adapters, and that producing millions of unneeded adapters consumes resources and adds to our carbon footprint. So this year, we are removing the USB power adapter from Apple Watch. We're also helping our Apple Watch manufacturing partners transition to renewable energy. That, combined with removing the power adapter, will result in eliminating the carbon equivalent of over 50,000 cars from our roads per year. We have lots more to do, and we'll have lots more to share in the months and years to come. Now back to Jeff. These actions are significant and lasting, and I'm proud of the great work Apple is doing to protect our planet. So that's our lineup. Apple Watch Series 6 with the new blood oxygen sensor, the most advanced Apple Watch yet. And the very capable and affordable Apple Watch SE. You can order both today, and availability starts this Friday. To celebrate the launch of the new Apple Watch Series 6, we created a video to show you just how far the watch has come. And here it is. [woman narrating] Imagine a future where one day, machine learning will give you the power to track your sleep. -Imagine-- -[woman] Excuse me, ma'am? [narrator] Yes, can I help you? Yeah, this already does that. [narrator] Oh. I didn't know that. Well, now you do. Okay. Let's try this again. It's all right. I'll start again. Imagine one day, a tiny device with an optical sensor will send you an alert if your heart rate is too low. [woman 2] Psst. Yes? What? -[whispering] It already does that. -What? Oh. Okay. Well, how about we'll send you an alert if your heart rate is too high? It already does that. All right. Let's try something new. We'll send you an alert if you're someplace that's too loud. -[watch chimes] -I just received one of those alerts. Really? [shouting] Well, you should probably find a quieter place, sir. You should probably mind your own business. [groans] Okay. -Imagine one day in the future-- -Hold on. -No, no, no! Let me finish. -One second. -You'll be able to take an ECG-- -It already does that. "It already does that." -I heard that. -Good. What about continuously track your elevation? Does it do that? -Does that. -Right. Got it. -Does that. -Thank you. -Does that. -Yep. Heard it the first time. -Encourages you to stay fit. -Does that. [watch chimes] Okay. I get it. You're fit. Uh, I don't know. Will it automatically call 911 if a bear chases you off a cliff and you take a hard fall? Huh? -Yeah. Already does that. -Seriously? Yeah. Seriously. You gotta be kidding me. Okay, okay, okay. I got it. Let's go from the top! Imagine a day, a future-- Imagine a future, one day, tiny device, blah, blah, blah, that uses red and infrared light to measure your blood oxygen level. Yes, what? No, no, no, no. Don't you dare say it. -[no audible dialogue] -I'm sorry. I can't hear you! [watch chimes] Very cute. Well, that was fun. Since the beginning, one of the most profound impacts Apple Watch has had is helping people be more active. We've been working on something that will motivate and inspire you even more on your fitness journey. And here's Jay to tell you all about it. Being more active is one of the most important things we can do for our health. So over the years, we built a range of features on the Apple Watch designed to motivate a wide variety of users. We hear from people who've become healthier just by closing their Activity Rings each day and friends and family who are able to motivate each other and stay connected even from far away with Activity Sharing. And then there are our most competitive Apple Watch users, who love earning awards and challenging each other to get fit. One of the Apple Watch's most popular apps is the Workout app, which has been finely tuned with powerful algorithms that accurately track the most important metrics for all the workouts you do. This year we wanted to push the Apple Watch workout experience even further, so we're creating amazing workouts with incredible music, delivered by the world's best trainers. This is the first fitness service built around Apple Watch. And we'd like to show it to you now. ["Go Time" by TYPO.S playing] Workout, trainer, time, music. [breathing heavily] You're halfway! -Workout. -Trainer. -Time. -Music. -Love it! -Nice work! -You did great! -See you tomorrow. [man] Workout. Trainer. Thank you for sweating out with us. [man] Time. Music. Introducing Apple Fitness+, a new service for Apple Watch designed to inspire you to get fit and stay fit. The entire Fitness+ experience is powered by the Apple Watch in some really cool ways. Let's take a look at how it works. Apple Watch owners love seeing all their metrics right from their wrist during a workout. The watch's sensors makes it possible to see your heart rate, calories burned, pace and distance. And that data helps keep you motivated and on track, which is awesome. With Fitness+, you simply choose the workout you want to do from the catalog of videos on your iPhone, iPad or Apple TV. And when you start the video, it automatically starts the correct workout in your Apple Watch Workout app. And it sends those metrics in real time right to the screen you're viewing the workout. So you have all of your data on your wrist and on the screen in front of you, and your metrics come to life to keep you motivated. For example, when the trainer reminds you to check your heart rate, your numbers get larger, making it easy to see the details you need. When you're in the middle of a tough interval, you see a countdown timer to motivate you to push through every last second. Your Activity Rings are also right on the screen, so you can see how your workout is helping you make progress towards closing your rings for the day. And if you happen to close one of your rings in the middle of your workout, you won't miss the celebration. You'll see it in real time, right on the screen. When the workout is over, you get a comprehensive summary. And all of that data captured from your watch's sensors is shown right on the summary screen: calories burned, average heart rate, distance, pace, even your current Activity Rings. Of course, there's a lot more to the experience. Fitness+ is launching with the most popular workout types, so there is something for everyone: yoga... cycling... dance... treadmill walk and treadmill run... strength... core... HIIT... rowing... and even mindful cooldowns. You can do the workouts with any brand of equipment, and many of the workouts require just a set of dumbbells or no equipment at all. Of course, you can do them wherever it's convenient for you: at home... the gym... outside... or even when you're traveling. We think the flexibility to do the workout you love when you want and where you want makes Fitness+ the perfect workout companion. Each week, our incredible trainer team will deliver a wide variety of workouts from the Fitness+ studio to help keep you engaged. That's fresh, new workouts every week across a range of times and instructors. And of course, the trainers will have the best music to keep you motivated, whatever your musical taste: from Latest Hits and Hip-Hop to Latin Grooves and Top Country. And if you're also an Apple Music subscriber, it's easy to save the playlists from Fitness+ and then listen to them later in Apple Music, whether you're working out or not. And if you're brand-new to fitness, or it's been a while since you've worked out, there's an absolute beginner program built right in. The program will help you get started, learn the basics of movement and fitness, and get you safely ready for the studio workouts. We wanted to make it easy to find all the workouts you love in Apple Fitness+, so they're all located inside the Fitness app on the iPhone right in the center tab. And you can access the same workouts from the new Fitness app on your iPad and Apple TV. To quickly get to your next best workout, you'll find recommendations personalized just for you. Intelligent suggestions will make it easy to find what you like and also encourage you to discover new trainers and new workouts to balance out your routine. And that's Fitness+. You get ten different types of studio workouts, so there's something for everyone, incredible music built into each workout to keep you moving, and the world's best trainers. Whether you work out every single day, want to add a little more fitness to your life, or you just want to get started, we think Fitness+ is gonna take your workouts to the next level with convenience, expert coaching and inspiration, and it's all powered by Apple Watch. As with all of Apple's products and services, we've designed Fitness+ with privacy in mind. All your Fitness+ workout recommendations are powered using on-device intelligence, and when using Fitness+, neither calories, nor the workouts and trainers you choose will be stored along with your Apple ID. The price is $9.99 per month or just $79.99 for a whole year. And your family will also be able to enjoy Fitness+ for no additional charge. Fitness+ will be available in these countries at launch, the service will be available before the end of the year, and for those purchasing a new Apple Watch, you get Fitness+ free for three months to help you make 2021 your fittest and healthiest year ever. And now, I'd like to hand it over to Lori to share some more exciting news about our services. Apple Fitness+ joins our collection of world-class subscription services that enrich our customers' lives. These are services that so many of us, and our families, use every single day, and we want to make it easy for everyone to discover and enjoy them. So today, I'm excited to introduce... Apple One. Apple One gives you and your family all the services you love in one simple plan. It starts with iCloud, the essential service that safely stores your personal photos, videos and files so you can access them from anywhere. Apple Music, where you can stream 70 million songs from all your favorite artists. Apple TV+, with Apple Original series and films which have been nominated for 18 Emmys in just the first year. Apple Arcade, with over 100 incredibly fun games you can play anytime, anywhere. Apple One also includes Apple News+, with leading newspapers and hundreds of magazines. And of course, Apple Fitness+, with its immersive studio workouts powered by Apple Watch. Apple One makes it easy to get all these services and find the one plan that's right for you, starting with the Individual plan, which offers the best of entertainment, including Apple Music, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade, plus 50 gigabytes of iCloud. The Family plan lets you share all these services with up to five members of your family, plus 200 gigabytes of iCloud. And in countries where available, there's Premier, which adds Apple News+, Apple Fitness+ and a massive 2 terabytes of iCloud. It's everything for the entire family for one incredible price. Apple One will be available this fall, and it includes 30 days free, so you can try any of the services you don't already have. That's Apple One. Now back to Tim. Now let's turn our attention to iPad. I love my iPad because it is such an incredibly versatile device. Powerful and easy to use, it enables all of us to do so many meaningful things every day. And now more than ever, iPad has become even more important, keeping us close to the ones we love when we can't be there in person, helping students learn remotely, helping people express and share their creativity, reshaping how the world communicates. And iPad is providing a critical lifeline for doctors, nurses and patients. Its versatility is what makes iPad such an essential device. With the power of the App Store and over a million iPad apps, the iPad can do whatever you need it to do. We're inspired to see how iPad's impact has been felt across the world. This year marks the ten years since we shipped our very first iPad. And in that time, it has become one of the most successful consumer electronics products ever. We've now sold over 500 million iPads to customers around the world. And more and more new customers are just discovering iPad for the very first time. In fact, more than half of our iPad customers are buying their very first iPad. That's just incredible! And users love their iPads. iPad has been ranked number one in customer satisfaction for ten straight years-- every year since it launched. Our users are doing more than ever with iPad, so we continue to push iPad forward. This is a big year for iPad. Earlier this year, we made some great updates to the iPad Pro, including the A12Z chip, new pro camera system, LiDAR Scanner and so much more. Today, we're updating the rest of our full-size iPad lineup, starting with our most popular iPad. And here's Ted to tell you more about it. We're incredibly proud of the role iPad is playing in the lives of so many people. Users love our iPad 7th generation because it delivers a beautiful 10.2-inch Retina display with support for Apple Pencil and the full-size Smart Keyboard all in a thin, light and affordable design. And our customers love all the things they can do with it, from taking notes as they learn something new to playing their favorite game. So this year, we're taking its beloved design and cranking up the performance with this... the new iPad 8th generation. It's more capable than ever, and it starts with the A12 Bionic. This chip is a powerhouse. It features a powerful CPU and superfast GPU. Compared to the already fast chip in last year's iPad, it has a 40% faster CPU and delivers a massive two-times jump in graphics. This extra performance is great for everything from working with high-resolution content to immersive gaming experiences. And compared to the competition over the last year, it's not even close. This new iPad with the A12 Bionic is up to two times faster than the top-selling Windows laptop, it's up to three times faster than the top-selling Android tablet, and it's up to a whopping six times faster than the top-selling Chromebook. iPad leaves the competition in the dust. And all that power is delivered in a thin and light design that's super portable with great cameras and all-day battery life. Now, our A-series chips are more than a CPU and GPU. They include powerful custom technologies, like the Neural Engine for machine learning, which comes to our most popular iPad for the very first time. It's capable of processing up to five trillion operations per second. And it powers some magical experiences on iPad, like allowing you to instantly transform the color of your photos or even analyze your tennis game and provide real-time stats like ball speed and body positioning. Altogether, the A12 Bionic takes performance to the next level and makes iPad more powerful than ever. Now let's talk about accessories. They expand the versatility of iPad. iPad 8th gen works with the full-size Smart Keyboard and keyboards from Logitech, like the Combo Touch with trackpad and the Rugged Combo that's so important for schools. And of course, this new iPad works with one of our most beloved accessories, Apple Pencil. With its incredible precision and low latency, plus features like pressure sensitivity and tilt, it's the gold standard for creativity and enables artists to bring their vision to life. And we've seen it become an essential tool to journal and take detailed notes. We're blown away by what we've seen people create with Apple Pencil on iPad. There's really nothing else like it. And taking the Apple Pencil experience to a whole new level is iPadOS 14, which adds powerful new pencil capabilities and other new features as well. Let's see it in action. iPadOS 14 makes iPad even more intuitive, fun and productive, because you can get your work done just about anywhere. Handwritten text is just as powerful as typed text. iPadOS even understands what you write, letting you take quick actions with just a tap. As you sketch, shape recognition helps you draw perfect circles, stars and more. Smart Selection understands the difference between handwriting and drawings, making it easy to select only what you want and paste your handwritten notes as typed text into another app. New compact UIs mean you can stay focused on the task at hand. And we know, once you start using Apple Pencil, you're not gonna want to put it away. So, we have Scribble, which lets you handwrite into any text field, even straight into numbers... or to add a final thought to that document you've been working on. The new iPad and the power of iPadOS 14 are an amazing combination, making it possible to express your ideas however you want to, wherever you are. With iPadOS 14, the already amazing experience of Apple Pencil gets even better. These powerful handwriting and note-taking features join a host of other new features that continue to push what's possible on iPad. And it all runs beautifully on the new iPad 8th generation with its 10.2-inch Retina display, huge performance boost from the A12 Bionic, keyboard and pencil support, great cameras and so much more. And it starts at just $329. And it's just $299 for our education customers. Nothing else delivers this level of performance and capability at such an affordable price. Customers can order iPad 8th generation today, and it will be available starting this Friday. Now back to Tim. iPad 8th generation, with its huge boost in performance, and the incredible features in iPadOS 14 will enable even more people to do more amazing things. And that's not all. As I told you, we're updating our entire full-size lineup. So that brings us to iPad Air. iPad Air was designed to deliver pro features at a very affordable price. And today we are thrilled to introduce an all-new, completely redesigned iPad Air. And here it is. ["Heybb!" by binki playing] This is the new iPad Air. And to tell you all about it, I'd like to hand it over to Laura. The new iPad Air starts with a gorgeous design. The all-new thin and light enclosure and narrow border design features a beautiful all-screen display. Each element of iPad Air is meticulously crafted, from the precisely machined top button to the sculpted detail around the camera. And the new iPad Air design comes in five gorgeous colors, including a new rose gold, green and sky blue finish. Our customers are going to love these colors. And this new design features a stunning Liquid Retina display. In the same footprint as the previous Air, the new iPad Air features a larger, 10.9-inch Liquid Retina display with a resolution of 2360 by 1640. That's over 3.8 million pixels for extra-crisp text and photos. And, it has advanced display technologies like full lamination, wide color, True Tone and an anti-reflective coating that, combined, deliver an amazing visual experience. To give our customers this beautiful all-screen design meant finding a new home for one of the most popular features: Touch ID. So we designed a next-generation Touch ID and integrated it right into the top button. This provides convenient and secure authentication while allowing the display to extend on all sides. This is the smallest authentication sensor we have ever designed, and it delivers the same performance, ease of use and security you know and trust from Touch ID. The technology under the button is really amazing. It uses a sapphire crystal lens and next-generation custom sensor that more efficiently captures the details of a fingerprint. And it uses a faster Secure Enclave to more quickly authenticate the fingerprint data. And using it is as simple as ever: just touch the top button to unlock your iPad, log in to apps or use Apple Pay. It's fast, easy and secure. Another reason customers love iPad Air is its performance. So we're debuting an incredibly powerful new chip which is going to give the new Air a huge leap in performance. To tell you more, here's Tim Millet. I'm super excited to tell you about the powerful new chip we built into the new iPad Air: our latest A-series processor, A14 Bionic. Our goal is to build chips with industry-leading performance, powerful custom technologies and extremely efficient use of energy to make every one of our products best in class. One way we do this is by aggressively adopting cutting-edge silicon process technology year after year. And now with A14, we'll be the first in the industry to use the breakthrough five-nanometer process technology. The incredibly small scale of this process challenges the laws of physics. In fact, we're talking about a scale so small, the dimensions of these five-nanometer transistors are measured in atoms. This means we were able to pack 11.8 billion transistors into A14. That's an increase of nearly 40% over our seven-nanometer chip. We use these additional transistors to deliver new features, increased power efficiency and increased performance in nearly every aspect of the chip. A14 Bionic includes a big update to our CPU. Our architecture runs more instructions in parallel, resulting in great performance at lower power. And it integrates large, high-performance caches sized to meet the needs of the most demanding applications. For A14's powerful new six-core design, this results in an enormous 40% increase in CPU performance compared to the previous iPad Air. A14 also features our newest GPU architecture, scaled to deliver the maximum sustainable performance at the lowest possible power-- an approach that also allows us to deliver industry-leading peak performance when it's needed most. For A14, our new four-core design delivers a 30% increase in graphics performance as well. And when you compare the new iPad Air with A14 to the best-selling laptop in its price range, a device nearly three times thicker and four times heavier, the new iPad Air has up to two times faster graphics performance in its incredibly thin and light design. So for customers using iPad Air for performance-intensive apps like editing 4K videos, creating works of art or playing immersive games, the incredible performance of A14 can handle them all with ease. In addition to the blazing-fast CPU and GPU, A14 is loaded with custom technologies that drive the unique iPad experience, like a much faster Neural Engine, which will make iPad Air more powerful for machine learning. By doubling the number of cores to build a 16-core architecture, the Neural Engine in A14 is capable of executing an amazing 11 trillion operations per second. This increases ML performance by up to two times over the previous generation. In addition, our CPU is further optimized with second-generation machine learning accelerators, which come to iPad for the first time and accelerate the matrix multiplication frequently used in ML computations at up to ten times faster than the previous Air. Now, the combination of the new Neural Engine, the CPU ML accelerators and our high-performance GPU deliver breakthrough machine learning capabilities to elevate apps built on Core ML to an entirely new level of performance. So that's the new A14 Bionic. It delivers big performance updates for the CPU and GPU, makes iPad Air much more powerful for machine learning and also features the latest ISP for higher-quality videos and photos and even faster Secure Enclave for Touch ID. This is by far the most advanced chip we've ever made, and we're thrilled to bring it to the new iPad Air. Now back to you, Laura. Wow, the A14 is a huge leap forward in performance. And we've worked with a number of developers to see what they can do with the new iPad Air. So let's take a look. I'm Karim Morsy. I'm a developer of djay Pro AI. djay Pro AI is an app that brings all the tools of a professional DJ to iPad. The A14 Bionic allows us to build intelligent features into the app. You touch the record, and then you start scratching. You can actually scratch in the air. It just blows our mind that this is possible now. Hi, I'm Alexey from Pixonic, developer of the game War Robots. The A14 Bionic chip allows us to deliver console-level graphics on a device you can hold in your hands. It's quite amazing to have a real-time, six-versus-six multiplayer game running on iPad at 60 frames per second. For example, the textures are much more detailed, the shadows are dynamic, and reflections are more realistic. It looks amazing. I'm Andrius, and we're from Pixelmator. Pixelmator Photo is a photo editing app for enhancing photos. So I think everyone's seen the movies where somebody's pointing at a screen, and goes, "Okay, zoom in on that. Now, enhance." And now I've brought that to iPad. The Apple Neural Engine allows us to build functionality we never thought possible. The ML Super Resolution feature finds individual details: edges, colors, gradients, textures, and it combines it back in an image. Now, we can build intelligent features into the app. The possibilities are just endless with this. [record scratches] With the A14 chip, the new Air is going to bring incredible performance to customers looking to step up to a more powerful iPad. And there's more. Another great feature we're bringing to iPad Air is USB-C. USB-C increases data transfer speeds up to 5 gigabits per second. That's a tenfold jump in performance over the previous Air. It provides a fast connection to a host of external devices, like cameras, drives and external monitors up to 4K. The new Air also includes great cameras front and back. The front 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera supports Smart HDR, improved 1080p video capture and better low-light performance for really high-quality video calls. And on the back is the same 12-megapixel camera used in the iPad Pro, with focus pixels and a larger aperture to capture incredibly sharp photos and stunning 4K video, enhanced with improved video stabilization, so the photos and videos our customers take with the new Air are gonna look better than ever. And to elevate the audio experience, we've redesigned the speaker system, providing stereo audio in landscape mode. Great for kicking back and enjoying your favorite movies and TV shows. The new Air also works with our amazing accessories, including Apple Pencil, which attaches magnetically to the side for pairing, charging and storage, and the beautiful Magic Keyboard, with floating design and built-in trackpad. So this is the new iPad Air, featuring a 10.9-inch Liquid Retina display, next-generation Touch ID, a huge boost in performance with A14 Bionic, USB-C, advanced cameras, Wi-Fi 6 and LTE that's 60% faster. This is by far the most powerful iPad Air ever. Let's check it out. [electronic music playing] So that's the new iPad Air, and we can't wait to get it into our customers' hands. It'll start at $599. It will be available beginning next month. And finally, we're very proud that the new Air and eighth-generation iPad have been carefully designed to have minimal impact on the environment and support our overall net zero carbon goal. Both iPads use 100% recycled aluminum enclosures, and all of the wood fiber in the packaging of both iPad models is recycled or comes from responsibly managed forests. Both iPads use 100%-recycled tin solder in their main logic boards and are free of harmful substances. So while our work here is never finished, we're proud of the progress we've made with these new products. So today, we have our most advanced iPad lineup ever. It's really a huge year for iPad: an incredible new iPad Air delivering more pro features to even more customers, an iPad 8th generation with massive jump in performance, together with the latest iPad Pro and the mighty iPad mini, combined with the advanced features in iPadOS 14 make these by far the most exciting iPads we've ever shipped. Now back to Tim. What a great day of announcements. We will also be releasing major OS updates tomorrow, beginning with iOS 14: a huge release that transforms the core experience of iPhone with redesigned widgets right on the Home screen, a new way to organize your apps with the App Library and a new and even faster way to experience apps the moment you need them with App Clips. iPadOS 14, which lets you do even more with Apple Pencil, provides huge improvements to iPad apps and takes the iPad experience even further. watchOS 7 provides a whole new way to discover and share watch faces, a new Sleep app, automatic handwashing detection and provides additional workouts and fitness metrics. And tvOS 14, which makes your big-screen experience even better with improved Picture in Picture, audio sharing with AirPods, Apple Music lyrics, secure camera feeds from HomeKit and multiuser gaming support. All of these new releases will be available tomorrow. And all of the products we announced today will ship with these OS updates. Thank you all for joining us. At Apple, our mission is to design products and services that empower and inspire you. And we're so excited to see what you'll do with all of the new innovations introduced today. Everyone take care, stay safe, and have a great day.
> **ZH:** 表盘是 Apple Watch 上最强大 也最个性化的部分 我们对表盘的设计起始于 对计时历史的敬重 我们将那种工匠精神 与 Apple Watch 的强大科技和性能 结合起来 以此创造出了这些表盘 GMT 表盘可以同时显示多个时区 同时考虑到你所在的时区 正计时表盘则可以让用户 随时开始计时 灵感来自于经典赛车手表 计时码表专业表盘上有多个小表盘 其中一个是测量速度的视距仪 计算通过某一段预设距离的时间 字体排印表盘上 数字能够以三种自定义风格 和四种不同方式显示 每一个组合都为表盘量身打造 我们还与艺术家 Geoff McFetridge 合作 为你的手表打造了一套独特的艺术表达 我们提供了上百万种组合 和不同的动画表情 专为抬起手腕设计 拟我表情表盘 则将你最爱的拟我表情带到了手表上 每一个拟我表情 都会随着你的触碰而动起来 而条纹表盘 则可以让你尽情展现真我 无论是支持你最爱的球队 还是与你的穿搭搭配 我们非常骄傲这些新的表盘 能够加入到 Apple Watch 表盘的大家庭 在 watchOS 7 里 我们也给开发人员提供了新的工具 来打造更个人化的表盘 如果你喜欢冲浪 就有来自 Dawn Patrol 这样的 app 为你提供了这样一款表盘 来帮助你查看海浪情况 如果你喜欢摄影 则有 Lumy 这样的 app 为你提供了这样一款表盘 来帮助你追踪太阳的位置 如果你是医疗服务人员 就有 Notable 这样的 app 为你提供了这样一款表盘 让你查看接下来的预约 表盘一直都是让 Apple Watch 来彰显你个性的一种方式 而另一种绝佳方法则是 各类可更换的表带 传统的表带都会配有扣环或搭扣 而且它们还有预设尺寸的限制 而今天 我们非常高兴地为你介绍 一种完全不一样的表带 我们叫它单圈表带 单圈表带的设计非常简单 没有扣环、搭扣和交叠的部分 只有一条连续不断的表带 单圈表带由定制软硅胶制成 它具有弹性 因此你可以轻松地把它戴上或脱下 它漂亮、耐用且防水 适用于各种场合 我们提供多种尺寸选择 好让你可以找到最舒适的尺寸 而且还有七种漂亮的颜色选择 这款全新的表带非常舒适 以至于我们制作了另外一个款式 它叫做 编织单圈表带 它是由 100% 再生纱线 和超细硅胶线精心编织而成的 它有五种颜色选择 我们也为皮制表带推出了全新款式 即全新的皮制链式表带 没有任何环圈或扣环 我们也为 Apple Watch Nike 推出了全新升级 其运动型表带和回环式运动表带 有了新的活力色彩选择 以及一个新的 Nike 表盘 我们也为 Apple Watch Hermès 推出了全新的 Attelage 表带 有 Single Tour 和 Double Tour 选择 这就是 Apple Watch Series 6 迄今为止最先进的 Apple Watch 我们认为你一定会爱上它所有的新功能 今年 我们多做了两件事 好让 Apple Watch 可以面向更多受众 第一件事就是家庭成员 能够以全新方式使用 Apple Watch 接下来 Deidre 会详细告诉你这一切 Apple Watch 是让你 与挚爱之人保持联系的必需品 不管对方是小孩或老人 现在 Apple Watch 需要 和 iPhone 配对起来 而他们可能没有 iPhone 这也是为什么我们很高兴地 推出了家人共享设置 有了家人共享设置 你可以把你的 iPhone 和家中没有手机的孩子 或老人的手表匹配起来 而他们也会有属于自己的电话号码和帐户 让我给你展示一下它是如何实现的 家人共享设置可以为孩子 和年迈的父母提供更高的独立性 而你也可以感到安心 因为只需要打个电话就行了 你将获得当今技术可实现的 安全和通讯功能 而这一切都包含在了 一个让你可以有效管理的设备中 打个比方 你可以指定你孩子 在使用信息和其他功能时 可以联络的联系人 你也可以设置自动定位通知 无论你的孩子在奶奶家 学校或篮球训练场 你都可以感到安心 因为他们就在他们应该在的地方 （Makena 抵达了篮球训练场） 帮助他们保持运动 孩子们现在可以追踪自己的活动时间 以及按照最适合他们的方式 使用健身记录 和体能训练的其他功能 孩子们现在可以 用他们的手表创建拟我表情 在信息 app 中发个表情 或全新的拟我表情表盘上分享 无论他们是在家里或教室里学习 全新的课堂时间模式 可以帮助孩子保持专注 它通过勿扰模式、限制互动 和这特别的显示 让老师和家长 一眼就可以知道孩子正处于学习模式 这些只是家人共享设置 为孩子和老人提供的一些 强大且独特的 Apple Watch 功能 即便没有 iPhone 也可以使用 家人共享设置需要 Apple Watch Series 4 或以上的蜂窝网络机型 并且会在发布时 与这些运营商合作伙伴 在这些地区提供服务 更多选择会在今年陆续开放 这就是家人共享设置 现在把时间交回给 Jeff 我们认为家人共享设置 可以让家人之间的联系变得更紧密 给孩子们提供更多的独立性和能动性 并且可以让你感到更安心 我们为了让 Apple Watch 面向更多受众所做的第二件事就是 打造一款新机型 结合了 Series 6 设计元素 和 Apple Watch 的重要功能 并且非常超值 我们称它为 Apple Watch SE Apple Watch SE 配备了 深受用户喜爱的功能 它有着让你保持联系 变得更活跃和追踪身体健康所需的一切 和 Series 6 一样 Apple Watch SE 使用的是 最大最先进的手表显示屏 让你一眼就可以看到更多事物 表盘上会显示更多信息和 app 信息、日历和地图上也会呈现更多内容 当你在进行体能训练时 你也可以看到更大、更易读的健身指标 为了让你更快速地访问信息和各类 app Apple Watch SE 采用了 S5 芯片 性能比 Series 3 快上两倍 蜂窝网络机型可以让你更轻松地保持联系 即使手机不在身边 你也可以打电话、发信息 和完成更多的事 有了家人共享设置 Apple Watch SE 的蜂窝网络机型 也会对孩子大有用处 用户喜欢在健身 或进行体能训练时使用 Apple Watch Apple Watch SE 有着 和 Series 6 一样的 加速感应器、陀螺仪、指南针和高度计 由于它配备了最新的运动传感器 因此 Apple Watch SE 也支持摔倒检测 这对 Apple Watch 佩戴者来说 是一项可以挽救生命的重要功能 有了这些和更多功能 包括 watchOS 7 的全新功能 我们认为 Apple Watch SE 会是很多新用户的绝佳选择 Apple Watch SE 的起售价仅为 $279 除此之外 我们也会为 Apple Watch 推出了 Apple Card Financing 让用户轻松支付 24 个月的分期付款 Apple Watch Series 6 突破性地搭载了全新的血氧传感器 起售价仅为 $399 而 Series 3 则继续保持 友好的入门价格 仅为 $199 有了这三款 Apple Watch 型号可选 总会有一款适合你的 Apple Watch 现在 让我们来谈谈 Apple Watch 为保护环境所做的事吧 Apple 保护环境的决心 贯穿我们所做的一切 从产品设计的过程到产品使用的材料 到产品制造的过程 贯穿始终 接下来 Lisa 将会分享 Apple 为了减少生态足迹 而做的一些事情 在全球 我们所有的企业活动 均实现了碳中和  这让我们非常自豪 我们通过使用洁净的可再生能源 替代产生污染的能源来实现这一点 我们所有的办公室、零售店和数据中心 均使用 100% 可再生能源 让我们引以为傲的还有 自 2015 年以来 我们将综合碳足迹 缩减了 35% 你们也许已经听说 我们正进一步肩负起对环境的责任 首先我们许下了一个承诺 到 2030 年 Apple 将会 在整个端到端 实现 100% 碳中和 包括我们的供应链和产品 为实现承诺 我们不仅着眼于我们使用的能源 还着眼于产品制造所需的材料 让我们来看一下 Apple Watch 从去年开始 我们的铝金属表壳 由 100% 循环利用的铝金属制成 对于 Series 6 我们现在使用 100% 循环利用的稀土元素和钨 来制作触感引擎 此外我们竭尽全力 确保我们的产品不含有害化学物质 和我们所有的产品一样 Apple Watch 不含溴化阻燃剂 聚氯乙烯、铍和汞 并且手表的显示屏不含砷 另外我们包装中的所有纤维 均来自循环利用的资源 或来自负责管理森林 有时候关键不在于我们生产了什么 而在于我们不生产什么 我们知道消费者手上的 USB 电源适配器一直在增加 而这催生了数百万个多余的适配器 这会消耗资源并增加我们的碳足迹 因此今年我们从 Apple Watch 中 剔除了 USB 电源适配器 我们还帮助我们的 Apple Watch 生产合作伙伴 转而使用可再生能源 这样的举措加上剔除电源适配器 将使减少的碳排放量相当于 五万多辆汽车每年的碳排放量 在未来的数月或数年里 我们还有更多举措有待实施 我们还有更多成果有待分享 现在将时间交回给 Jeff 这些行动意义深远 经久持续 Apple 为保护地球所做的努力 让我感到十分自豪 这就是我们的新产品 配备全新血氧传感器的 Apple Watch Series 6 是目前最先进的 Apple Watch 另外还有功能强大且非常超值的 Apple Watch SE 这两款均可以在今天预订 从本周五起即可供货 为庆祝新 Apple Watch Series 6 的发布 我们制作了一个视频 向大家展示 Apple Watch 有了多大的进步 敬请观看 想象一下 未来有一天 机器学习可以让你跟踪睡眠状况 -想象一下 -不好意思 女士 怎么了 需要帮忙吗？ 是这样的 它已经做到了 这个我倒是不知道 现在你知道了 好吧 我们重头再来 没关系 我再来一遍 想象有一天 有一个配备光学传感器的小型设备 可以在你心率过低时给你发送警报 怎么了 有事吗？ -它已经做到了 -什么？ 好吧 如果我们在你心率过高时 给你发送警报呢？ 它已经做到了 好吧 我们来点新花样 当你所处的环境太吵闹时 我们会给你发送警报 我刚才就收到了一条噪音警报 是吗？那你应该找个安静点的地方 先生 你还是管好自己的事情吧 -好吧 想象未来有一天 -等等 -不 让我说完 -等一下 -你可以显示心电图… -它已经做到了 “它已经做到了” 神气什么呀 -我听到咯 -那好啊 那么持续跟踪海拔高度呢 它能做吗？ -能做 -好吧 知道了 -能做 -谢了 -能做 -好吧 我耳朵要起茧了 -鼓励你保持健康状态 -能做 行了 你很健康 我知道了 还有什么呢？ 如果有一头熊把你赶到悬崖边 你重重地摔了下去 它可以自动拨打报警电话吗？ -可以 它已经做到了 -不会吧？ 对 是真的 你们开玩笑吧？ 好吧 我懂了 我们重头开始 想象有一天 在未来⋯ 想象在未来有一天 有个小型设备 之类之类的 可以利用红光和红外线检测你的血氧水平 又怎么了？ 不 千万别说它已经做到了 抱歉 我听不到 （血氧 98%） （它已经做到了） 真行 (健康的未来，现在戴上。) 真逗 从一开始 Apple Watch 最深远的影响之一 就是帮助人们变得更加活跃 我们一直在做一些工作 这些工作将会在你的健康道路上 为你提供更多激励和启发 现在有请 Jay 跟大家介绍 因此这些年来 我们在 Apple Watch 上创建了许多功能 旨在激励各个类型的用户 我们听到有些人 仅仅通过完成健身记录圆环的目标 就能变得更健康 还有一些朋友和家人 他们通过运动共享 可以互相激励 甚至可以在相距很远的情况下保持互动 还有我们一些很有竞争欲的 Apple Watch 用户 为了变得更健康 他们喜欢赢得奖章并互相挑战 Apple Watch 最受欢迎的一种 app 就是体能训练类 app 这些 app 精心搭配了强大的算法 可以在你做的所有体能训练中 精确跟踪最重要的指标 今年我们要进一步 提升 Apple Watch 的健身体验 所以我们正在打造优秀的体能训练 搭配美妙的音乐 这些体能训练由全球最优秀的教练来制定 这是首个围绕 Apple Watch 打造的健身服务 我们现在就想让大家看看 训练教程、教练、时间、音乐 （这是 Apple Fitness+） （这是适合所有人的健身） （任何屏幕 任何地点 任何时间都可以） （屏幕显示指标） （APPLE WATCH 为你测量） （10 种体能训练类型） （世界顶级教练） 你完成了一半！ （一流的 Apple Music） （健身就是这么简单 因为这里有⋯） -训练教程 -教练 -时间 -音乐 （训练教程每周上新） （旨在为你提供助力） （一切交给屏幕） -我喜欢！ -很不错！ -你做得真棒！ -明天见 训练教程 教练 感谢你和我们一起大汗淋漓 时间 音乐 Apple Fitness+ 隆重登场 这是 Apple Watch 的一项新服务 致力于激励你强身健体、保持健康 Apple Watch 支持全套 Fitness+ 体验 由此带来了一些非常棒的功能 现在我们就来一起了解 Apple Watch 用户 喜欢在体能训练时 直接从手表上 看到各项指标 这款手表能够通过传感器来感测你的心率 已消耗卡路里、配速以及距离 这些数据有助于你保持动力 并不断坚持 这点非常棒 安装 Fitness+ 后 你只需要从 iPhone iPad 或 Apple TV 的视频目录中 选择你想要进行的体能训练即可 当你播放视频时 它会自动在 Apple Watch 的体能训练 app 中 开启正确的体能训练 同时 它还会将那些指标实时发送到 你正在观看体能训练的屏幕上 也就是说你的手表 和眼前的屏幕上都会显示你的各项数据 而且你的指标 会以生动的方式让你时刻保持动力 例如 当教练提醒你检查你的心率时 心率的数字就会放大 以便你查看详情 当你处于一段高强度训练中时 会看到一个倒数计时器 每一秒都在激励着你完成目标 你的健身记录圆环也会直接显示在屏幕上 这样就能看到 你当前的体能训练所取得的进步 以及当日的圆环进度 如果你在体能训练中途 合上了一个圆环 也并不会错过庆祝画面 而是可以在屏幕上实时看到 体能训练结束后 你会得到一份全面的总结 总结页面上会显示出手表传感器 获取的所有数据 已消耗卡路里、平均心率、距离、配速 乃至你当前的健身记录圆环进度 当然 体验还远不止这些 Fitness+ 适用人群十分广泛 它自带目前最流行的体能训练类别 瑜伽 单车 舞蹈 跑步机步行及跑步 力量训练 核心训练 高强度间歇训练 划船机 甚至是专注的整理放松 你可以使用 任何品牌的器械来进行体能训练 很多体能训练只需要一副哑铃 或者无任何器械要求 这样 你就可以因地制宜地进行锻炼 居家 健身房 户外 甚至是旅途中 我们认为 Fitness+ 的灵活性让你能够随时随地 随心所欲地进行你最喜爱的体能训练 因此它是完美的体能训练伴侣 每周 我们出色的教练团队 都会在 Fitness+ 练习室 教授各种类型的体能训练内容 来帮助你保持积极性 也就是说 每周都会有多位教练 在多个时间段教授全新的体能训练课程 此外 无论你的音乐喜好 教练都会带来 最令你精神振奋的音乐 其中涵盖最新热曲、嘻哈 拉丁音乐 还有最佳乡村音乐 如果你同时也订阅了 Apple Music 就可以轻松保存 Fitness+ 的播放列表 这样 无论你是否在进行体能训练 都可以随时在 Apple Music 中播放 如果你是一位健身新手 或者已经长时间没有健身 它还内置了一套完全针对初学者的课程 这套课程可以帮助你入门 学习运动和健身的基本知识 并帮助你 安全地为练习室体能训练做好准备 我们希望你能够 轻松地在 Apple Fitness+ 中 找到所有你喜爱的体能训练 因此 它们都位于 iPhone 健身 app 内 正中间的这个标签 你还可以从 iPad 和 Apple TV 上的 新健身 app 中访问同样的体能训练 你还可以在专属的个性化推荐中 快速找到下一套最佳进阶体能训练 智能建议功能 可以使你轻松找到喜欢的内容 并且鼓励你发掘新教练和新体能训练 来作为日常训练的调剂 这就是 Fitness+ 它有十种不同的练习室体能训练供你选择 因此适用人群广泛 每套体能训练都配有高质量的音乐 来使你保持运动状态 同时还有世界级的顶尖教练 无论你是每天锻炼 还是想把健身作为生活的调剂 又或者是想要开始进行锻炼 我们都认为 Fitness+ 的便捷性 专业指导性与鼓舞性 能够让你的体能训练更上一层楼 而这些都可以由 Apple Watch 来实现 与 Apple 所有的产品和服务一样 我们的 Fitness+ 也同样注重隐私性 你在 Fitness+ 上的所有体能训练推荐 都是由设备端智能提供支持的 在使用 Fitness+ 时 卡路里以及你选择的体能训练和教练 都不会储存进你的 Apple ID 中 它的定价为每月 9.99 美元 而订阅全年只需 79.99 美元 并且你的家人 也可以畅享 Fitness+ 无需额外费用 Fitness+ 发布后可以在这些国家使用 服务会在年底之前上线 购买新 Apple Watch 的用户 可以获得三个月的 Fitness+ 免费试用期 让你在 2021 年获得强健体魄 现在我要将时间移交给 Lori 她将分享一些与我们服务相关的 激动人心的新资讯 Apple Fitness+ 加入了我们世界一流的订阅服务系列中 让用户们的生活更为丰富多彩 这些都是众多用户 和他们的家人每天都在使用的服务 而我们想让大家 可以更轻松地发现并享受到这些服务 因此 我今天要十分高兴地向大家介绍 Apple One Apple One 能够通过一套简单的方案 为你和家人提供你们喜爱的一切服务 首先 它包含 iCloud 这是安全储存并使你能够 从任何设备上访问所有个人照片 视频和文件的基本服务 Apple Music 你可以从七千万首的曲库中 播放你最喜爱的艺术家的所有歌曲 Apple TV+ 包含 Apple Original 的剧集和电影 首年就已揽获 18 项艾美奖提名 Apple Arcade 包含超过一百个 极其有趣的游戏 可以随时随地畅玩 Apple One 还包括 Apple News+ 内含各种主流报刊和上百种杂志 当然 还包括 Apple Fitness+ 内含 Apple Watch 支持的 沉浸式练习室体能训练 通过 Apple One 可以轻松获得这些服务 并找到一套专属于你的方案 首先是个人方案 它提供精选的娱乐服务 包括 Apple Music Apple TV+、Apple Arcade 以及 50 GB 的 iCloud 容量 家庭方案使你能够将这些服务 与最多五名家庭成员共享 并附带 200 GB 的 iCloud 容量 在指定国家还有 Premier 方案 其中加入了 Apple News+、Apple Fitness+ 还有 2 TB 的超大 iCloud 容量 以如此划算的价格就可以满足全家的使用 Apple One 将在今年秋季推出 并且包含 30 天的免费试用期 在此期间内 你可以试用任何你目前尚未拥有的服务 以上就是 Apple One 的相关内容 现在移交回 Tim 现在让我们把注意力转向 iPad 我非常喜欢我的 iPad 因为它是一款非常多用性的设备 它功能强大 而且使用方便 它使我们所有人 每天都能做很多有意义的事 现在 iPad 变得更加重要 在我们不能亲临现场时 使我们与所爱的人保持密切联系 帮助学生远程学习 帮助人们表达和分享他们的创造力 重塑这个世界沟通的方式 而且 iPad 在为医生、护士和患者 提供一条至关重要的生命线 其多用性使 iPad 成为 一款必不可少的设备 凭借 App Store 及其中超过 100 万款 专为 iPad 打造的 app iPad 可以随时变身 成为你所需的趁手工具 看到 iPad 在世界各地 发挥的作用 这让我们备受鼓舞 今年是我们发布第一台 iPad 的十周年 在此期间 它已成为有史以来 最成功的消费电子产品之一 我们现在已经向世界各地的用户 销售了超过 5 亿台 iPad 另一方面 越来越多新用户 刚刚开始接触 iPad 事实上 一半以上的 iPad 用户 所购买的都是他们的第一台 iPad 这真是太棒了 而且用户非常喜欢他们的 iPad iPad 连续十年在客户满意度方面 排名第一 自从它推出以来 每年都是如此 我们的用户用 iPad 做的事 比以往任何时候都多 因此 我们持续推动 iPad 的发展 对 iPad 来说 今年是重要的一年 今年早些时候 我们对 iPad Pro 进行了一些重要的更新 其中包括 A12Z 芯片 全新的 Pro 级摄像头系统 激光雷达扫描仪等等 今天 我们将更新 全尺寸 iPad 系列的其它产品 从我们最受欢迎的 iPad 开始 下面由 Ted 告诉你更多这方面的信息 我们非常自豪地看到 iPad 在大家的日常生活中扮演着丰富的角色 用户非常喜欢我们的 iPad 第 7 代 因为它配备绚丽的 10.2 英寸视网膜显示屏 支持 Apple Pencil 和全尺寸智能键盘 设计轻薄 而且非常超值 我们的用户更喜欢靠它实现的各种事 包括学新东西时记的笔记 到尽享自己喜爱的游戏 今年 我们这备受喜爱的设计基础上 大幅度地提升了设备性能 带来了新款的 iPad 第 8 代 它的性能无比强大 首先是 A12 仿生 这款芯片可谓马力十足 它拥有强大的中央处理器 和超快的图形处理器 与去年发布的 iPad 已经很快的芯片相比 它的中央处理器速度提高了 40% 图形处理能力更大幅的实现了两倍提升 优化的性能非常适合 从处理高分辨率内容 到身临其境的游戏体验等任务 它远远超越去年的竞争对手 这款配备 A12 仿生的全新 iPad 比最畅销的 Windows 笔记本电脑快两倍 比最畅销的 Android 平板电脑快三倍 比最畅销的 Chromebook 快六倍 iPad 使竞争对手望尘莫及 如此强大的动力配以轻薄的设计 超级便携 拥有出色的相机 和全天候的电池续航时间 我们的 A 系列芯片 不仅仅是中央处理器和图形处理器 它们还包括强大的定制技术 例如用于机器学习的神经网络引擎 首次配备在我们最受欢迎的 iPad 上 它能执行高达每秒 5 万亿次的运算 它为 iPad 上的一些神奇体验提供动力 例如瞬间编辑照片色彩 甚至是分析网球比赛 提供球速和身体姿势等实时数据 综上所述 A12 仿生 将性能提升到了一个新的水平 使 iPad 比以往任何时候都更强大 现在我们来谈谈配件 它们扩展了 iPad 的多用性 iPad 第 8 代支持全尺寸的智能键盘 以及罗技的各类键盘 例如带触控板的 Combo Touch 或是非常适用于学校的 Rugged Combo 当然了 这款全新 iPad 支持我们最受欢迎的一款配件： Apple Pencil 它具有令人难以置信的精度和低延迟 以及倾斜角度和压力感应等功能 它是创造力的黄金标准 使艺术家们能将他们的想象变为现实 我们看到它成了 写手帐和详细笔记的必要工具 我们被人们在 iPad 上 用 Apple Pencil 创作的作品所震撼 可谓名副其实的无与伦比 将 Apple Pencil 体验 提升到一个全新高度的是 iPadOS 14 它为 Pencil 增加了各种强大的全新功能 和其它新特性 让我们看看它的实际应用 iPadOS 14 使 iPad 变得 更加直观、有趣和高效 因为你可以在几乎任何地方完成工作 手写文本和输入文本一样强大 iPadOS 甚至能理解你写的内容 让你只需轻轻点击即可迅速采取行动 在你画草图时 形状识别可以帮助你画出 完美的圆、星星等等 智能选取了解手写和绘图之间的区别 可以轻松选取你想要的 并将手写备忘录 作为输入文本粘贴到其它 app 中 全新设计的简洁用户界面意味着 你可以专注于手头的内容 我们知道 一旦开始使用 Apple Pencil 你就不会想放下笔 所以 我们加入了随手写 使你能在任何文本输入框中手写文字 甚至能在 Numbers 表格中直接手写 （是什么使他们如此强大？） …或者为你正在编辑的文档 加上最后几笔 全新 iPad 和 iPadOS 14 的强大功能 是一个令人惊叹的组合 使你无论身在何处 都能随心所欲地表达自己的想法 （库比蒂诺 STEVE JOBS THEATER） 凭借 iPadOS 14 Apple Pencil 本已令人惊叹的体验 变得更加出色 这些强大的手写和笔记功能 以及很多其它新功能 持续推动 iPad 的发展 新款的 iPad 第 8 代完美集合了： 10.2 英寸视网膜显示屏 A12 仿生带来的巨大性能提升 键盘和 Pencil 支持 出色的摄像头等等 起售价仅为 329 美元 教育优惠起售价仅为 299 美元 没有其它产品以如此超值的价格 提供如此级别的性能和功能 顾客今天就可以订购 iPad 第 8 代 产品将从本周五开始发售 现在将时间交还给 Tim 第 8 代 iPad 在性能方面的巨大提升 和 iPadOS 14 带来的 令人惊叹的强大功能 将使更多人能够用它 做更多了不起的事情 不仅如此 我说过 今天升级的是整个全尺寸系列 那么让我们来看看 iPad Air iPad Air 的设计初衷 是以极超值的价格为人们提供专业功能 今天我们很高兴地推出 焕然一新的 iPad Air 隆重登场 这就是全新的 iPad Air 我现在将时间交给 Laura 来详细介绍 新款 iPad Air 设计令人眼前一亮 全新的轻薄外观和窄边设计 突显出绚丽的全面屏 iPad Air 的每一个元素 都经过精心打磨 从精密加工的顶部按钮 到摄像头周围雕刻般的细节 新款 iPad Air 带来了 5 种精美的外观选择 包括全新的玫瑰金色、绿色和天蓝色 这些颜色会深受我们用户的喜爱 而新设计配备了 绚丽的 Liquid 视网膜显示屏 在前一代 Air 的基础上 新款 iPad Air 采用了更大的 10.9 英寸 Liquid 视网膜显示屏 分辨率为 2360×1640 也就是超过 380 万像素 来提供清晰锐利的文本和照片显示 它还拥有众多先进的显示技术 包括全层压显示屏 广色域显示 原彩显示 以及抗反射涂层 综合在一起 带来令人眼前一亮的视觉体验 为了给用户们带来 精美的全面屏体验 也意味着得给 我们深受欢迎的一项功能找个新家： 触控 ID 我们打造了新一代的触控 ID 并将其集成到顶部按钮中 这不仅提供了便捷且安全的认证方案 也使全面屏设计得以实现 这是我们所设计的 最小的认证传感器 它提供的性能、易用性和安全性 与你所熟知的触控 ID 别无二致 这个按键下隐藏的科技让人惊叹 它使用蓝宝石玻璃镜头 和新一代定制传感器 可以更有效地捕捉指纹的细节 它还使用一个更快的安全隔区 可更快速地验证指纹数据 使用起来也一如既往的简单： 只需轻触顶部按键 即可解锁 iPad 登录 app 或使用 Apple Pay 快速、简单、又安全 顾客喜爱 iPad Air 的另一个原因 是它的卓越性能 因此我们将推出一款功能强大的新芯片 它将给新款 Air 带来性能上的巨大飞跃 我将请 Tim Millet 向你介绍更多详情 我很高兴向你介绍我们在新款 iPad Air 中内置的这一功能强大的新芯片： 我们最新的 A 系列处理器：A14 仿生 我们的目标是打造出的芯片 拥有业界领先的性能 强大的定制技术以及对能源的高效利用 从而使我们的每一款产品都成为同类之最 我们这样做的一个方法是通过积极地采用 尖端的硅工艺技术 年复一年 A14 在业界首次 使用了突破性的 5 纳米制程技术 这一尺度极小的工艺挑战了物理定律 事实上 这一尺度如此之小 小到这些 5 纳米晶体管的尺寸 以原子为测量单位 这意味着我们能将 118 亿个晶体管封装到 A14 中 比起我们的 7 纳米芯片增加了近 40% 我们用这些额外的晶体管提供新功能 更高效的能量利用率和更出色的性能 涵盖芯片的各个方面 A14 仿生对我们的中央处理器 进行了重大更新 我们的构架可并行运行更多的指令 从而在较低的功耗下获得出色的性能 它还集成了大容量、高性能的缓存 其大小可满足要求最高的 app 的需要 A14 强大的全新六核设计 使中央处理器性能 与之前的 iPad Air 相比 足足提高了 40% A14 还采用了我们最新的图形处理器构架 其规模可提供最大的可持续性能 并且是以尽可能低的功耗 这种方法还使其在最需要的时候 提供业界领先的峰值性能 A14 中 我们新的四核设计 也将图形处理性能提高了 30% 当你把内置 A14 的新款 iPad Air 与相同售价区间内 最畅销的笔记本电脑相比时 笔记本的厚度是它的 3 倍 重量是它的 4 倍 但新款 iPad Air 的图形性能 较之快达两倍 设计也极为轻薄 因此对于使用 iPad Air 来 运行各类高性能 app 的用户而言 比如剪辑 4K 视频 创作艺术品 或玩沉浸式游戏 A14 令人难以置信的性能 可以轻松处理所有这些问题 除了高速的中央处理器和图形处理器 A14 还装载了 可带来独特 iPad 体验的定制技术 如更快速的神经网络引擎 这将使 iPad Air 在机器学习技术方面更加强大 通过将内核数量增加一倍 来构建一个 16 核构架 A14 中的神经网络引擎每秒能够执行 惊人的 11 万亿次运算 这使得机器学习性能与上一代相比 提高至两倍 此外 我们的中央处理器 通过第二代机器学习技术加速器 实现了进一步优化 这对 iPad 而言尚属首次 并加速了机器学习计算中常用的 矩阵乘法运算 速度比之前的 Air 快达 10 倍 现在 新的神经网络引擎 中央处理器机器学习加速器 和我们的高性能图形处理器相结合 实现了突破性的机器学习能力 将基于 Core ML 构建的 app 提升到一个全新的性能水平 这就是新的 A14 仿生 它为中央处理器和图形处理器 带来了巨大的性能更新 使 iPad Air 在 机器学习技术方面更加强大 它还拥有最新的图像信号处理器 可提供更高质量的视频和照片 以及更快速的触控 ID 安全隔区 这是迄今为止我们制造的最先进的芯片 我们很高兴能将它运用于新款 iPad Air 现在将时间交还给你 Laura 哇 A14 在性能方面有着惊人的飞跃 我们正在和众多开发者合作 看看他们利用全新的 iPad Air 所能实现的 一起来看看 我叫 Karim Morsy 是 djay Pro AI 的开发者 djay Pro AI 是一款能将所有 专业 DJ 工具都带到 iPad 上 的 app A14 仿生允许我们在 app 中 构建各种智能的功能 触摸唱片 然后开始打碟 其实可以凭空打碟 真的让人叹为观止 大家好 我是 Alexey 来自 Pixonic 《机甲战队》游戏的开发者 A14 仿生芯片可以让我们 将主机级游戏画质 带到你手中的设备上 能在 iPad 上以每秒 60 帧的速度 运行一款 6 对 6 的实时多人游戏 真是太神奇了 （之前 之后） 例如 纹理更加细致 阴影更为生动 反射也更加真实 看起来真的很棒 我叫 Andrius 来自 Pixelmator Pixelmator Photo 是一款照片编辑 app 我想每个人都看过这样的电影场景 有人指着屏幕 然后说 好吧 放大 增强 如今我把这功能带到了 iPad 上 Apple 的神经网络引擎让我们创造出 以前从未想过的功能 机器学习超分辨率功能可查找各个细节 边缘、颜色、渐变、纹理 继而打造出一幅图像 这样我们就可以在 app 中构建智能功能 发挥无限可能性 采用 A14 芯片后 新 Air 将带来超乎想象的性能 让用户们升级到性能更强大的 iPad 还有更多要介绍 我们为 iPad Air 带来了 另一个众所期待的功能：USB-C USB-C 将数据传输速度提高到 每秒 5 千兆位 比上一代 Air 的性能提升 10 倍 它能为众多外接设备提供快速连接 如相机、硬盘 和最高可达 4K 的外接显示器 新款 Air 还包含 出色的前置与后置摄像头 前置 700 万像素 FaceTime 高清摄像头 支持 Smart HDR 升级的 1080P 视频拍摄 以及拥有更佳的弱光性能 能提供超高画质的视频通话 后置采用与 iPad Pro 同款的 1200 万像素摄像头 具有 Focus Pixels 和更大的光圈 可拍摄极为清晰的照片 以及绝佳 4K 视频 视频防抖技术也有所增强 因此我们的用户使用新 Air 所拍摄的 照片和视频 将比以往任何时候都要好 为提升音频体验 我们重新设计了扬声器系统 可在横屏模式下提供立体声音频 让你尽情享受所喜爱的电影和电视节目 新款 Air 支持我们各类精心打造的配件 包括 Apple Pencil 通过磁力吸附到侧边 用于配对、充电和收纳 当然还有精美的妙控键盘 采用悬浮设计并内置了触控板 这就是全新 iPad Air 它拥有 10.9 英寸的 Liquid 视网膜显示屏 新一代触控 ID A14 仿生加持后大幅提升的性能 USB-C、先进的摄像头 Wi-Fi 6 和速度提升 60 % 的 LTE 技术 这是迄今为止最强大的 iPad Air 一起来看看吧 （这就是新 iPad Air） （五款华丽色彩） （全屏设计） （搭配 Apple Pencil 使用） （做笔记的完美设备） （画插图与做标识的完美设备） （还去吃晚饭吗？） （算我一个） （A14 仿生芯片） （速度快到让大部分 PC 都眼红） （所以 你可以这样做…） （搭配妙控键盘工作） （立体声扬声器） （触控 ID） （1200 万像素后置摄像头） （700 万像素 FaceTime 高清摄像头） （私密与安全） （速度提升 60% 的 LTE iPadOS 14 （10 小时电池续航时间 Wi-Fi 6） 这就是全新 iPad Air 我们已经迫不及待地 想把它送到我们的用户手中 它的起售价为 599 美元 将于下个月开始发售 最后 让我们引以为傲的是 新款 Air 和第 8 代 iPad 经过精心设计后 将对环境的影响降至最低 并支持我们的碳中和目标 （2030年 100% 碳中和） 此两款 iPad 均使用 100% 循环利用的铝金属外壳 两款 iPad 包装采用的木纤维材料 或是循环利用的 或者来自负责任管理森林 两款 iPad 的主逻辑板 均使用 100% 循环利用的锡焊料 不含有害物质 当然我们的工作仍将继续 在这些新产品上取得的进展 让我们感到非常自豪 所以今天 我们拥有了 有史以来最先进的 iPad 系列 对于 iPad 而言 今年令人异常难忘 强大的新 iPad Air 将为更多用户带来更多专业功能 性能大幅跃升的第 8 代 iPad 以及最新一代的 iPad Pro 还有小而强大的 iPad mini 再加上 iPadOS 14 中的先进功能 打造了我们迄今为止所推出的 最令人兴奋的 iPad 全系列 接下来交回给 Tim 这可真是精彩的一天 带来了这么多重要的发布 明天我们还将推出重要的操作系统更新 从 iOS 14 开始 这一款重量级的升级 从主屏幕上重新设计的小组件开始 改变了 iPhone 的核心体验 通过 App 资源库 以全新方式对你的 app 进行整理分类 通过 轻 App 以一种全新 且更快捷的方式 来即时体验所需的 app iPadOS 14 可让你通过 Apple Pencil 做更多的事情 为 iPad 上运行的各类 app 带来了众多优化 进一步提升了 iPad 的体验 watchOS 7 提供了 发现和分享表盘的全新方式 全新睡眠 app、自动的洗手检测功能 并提供更多种类的体能训练和健身指标 而 tvOS 14 则能让你拥有更优质的大屏幕体验 它改善了画中画 AirPods 音频共享、Apple Music 歌词 HomeKit 的安全摄像头 以及多用户游戏支持 所有这些新系统将于明天正式推送 我们今天发布的所有产品 交付时都将装有更新后的 OS 谢谢大家的观看 在 Apple 我们的使命是设计产品和服务 让大家的生活更为丰富多彩充满灵感 我们迫不及待地想看到 你们将会如何使用今天所介绍的 全部创新成果 请各位保重、注意安全 愿你有愉快的一天

