# Speaker: Garten

## Event: Apple Event — October 13, 2020

> **EN:** ...to control multiple accessories with a single voice command. And if you're just getting started with your smart home, the new Discover Tab in the Home app makes it easy to find all kinds of great smart home accessories to control lighting, security, comfort and more. One of the most important parts of the smart home is communicating with your family, which is why we created... Intercom. Intercom lets you quickly send a message from one HomePod to another in a different room or to multiple rooms throughout your home. Hey Siri, tell everyone, "We're late. Let's go!" [HomePod mini chimes]
> **ZH:** 嘿 Siri 早上好 早上好 场景已设定好 …通过一句语音命令控制多个配件 如果你才刚刚开始使用智能居家 通过家庭 app 里新推出的探索标签 可以帮你很容易找到 各种各样功能极佳的智能居家配件 来控制灯光、安全、舒适性以及更多 智能居家最重要的部分是 与你的家人沟通 这是为何我们研发了 广播传话功能 让你可以迅速 从一个房间的 HomePod 传话给另一个房间的 HomePod 或者是家里多个房间的各个设备 嘿 Siri 告诉大家： “我们迟到了 得赶紧出发！” “我们迟到了 得赶紧出发！”

## Event: Apple Event — October 13, 2020

> **EN:** The message will automatically play on HomePod speakers throughout the home, and a notification will appear on your family's personal devices. And Intercom messages will play on AirPods as well, so you can always get your kid's attention. Reply, "You read my mind." ["JEWELZ" by Anderson .Paak playing] Intercom helps connect the members of your home in an entirely new way. We're so excited about how HomePod mini brings the power of Siri intelligence to your smart home. Back to Bob. Not only is HomePod mini packed with great features, like every Apple product it's designed with your privacy and security in mind. Nothing you say is sent out of your home until you activate Siri with a touch or it hears those magic words, "Hey Siri." And your requests are not associated with your Apple ID, and you choose whether Apple saves your audio recordings. Personal requests only work when your iPhone is home with you, and all communication with smart home accessories uses strong encryption. We can't wait for you to enjoy the incredible experiences the new HomePod mini brings to your home. It comes in both white and space gray, and I'm thrilled to announce that HomePod mini will be available for just $99. And you can order HomePod mini November 6th, and it will start shipping the week of November 16th. So that's HomePod mini. With the power of computational audio, a world-class intelligent assistant, great features like Intercom and tight integration with your favorite Apple devices. And now back to Tim. Now let's talk about iPhone. iPhone is an incredibly powerful and personal device. It's the product we use the most every day. With amazing capabilities, iPhone has changed our lives and has never been more indispensable than it is now. It's been another big year for iPhone. Ever since its launch, iPhone 11 has been the most popular smartphone in the world. People love their iPhones. iPhone has led the industry in customer satisfaction every year since it was first introduced. There's so much that people love about their iPhones. They love how easy it is to use, how it connects people in personal ways, how it elevates photography, keeps us informed and keeps us entertained. With a powerful ecosystem of apps in the App Store, iPhone enables people to do more and more things every day. And users can trust that iPhone is designed to do all of this while protecting their security and privacy. Every decade, there's a new generation of technology that provides a step change in what we can do with our iPhones. The next generation is here. Today is the beginning of a new era for iPhone. Today we're bringing 5G to iPhone. This is a huge moment for all of us, and we're really excited. 5G will bring a new level of performance for downloads and uploads, higher quality video streaming, more responsive gaming, real-time interactivity and so much more. 5G networks are more advanced, with lower latency and less network congestion. So you can get higher network speeds even in densely populated areas. And 5G even helps protect your privacy and security, since you won't need to connect to unknown, unsecured, public Wi-Fi hotspots as often. Each generation of cellular network technology on iPhone has enabled breakthrough innovations and entirely new opportunities for our developers and our users. And 5G is the most exciting step yet. For so many people, this all becomes real with 5G coming to iPhone. As you know, iPhone provides seamless integration of world-class hardware and world-class software. What you may not know about is the incredible collaboration between Apple and our carrier partners around the world to ensure iPhone users get the best possible experience. We're fortunate today to have one of our closest partners join us. I'd like to welcome Hans Vestberg, Chairman and CEO of Verizon, here to Apple Park. Hans, this really is a big day. And our teams have done some amazing work together. I want to thank you and the whole Apple team for a fantastic collaboration leading up to this historic moment. Until now, most people have taken a "wait and see" approach to 5G. They've been waiting for 5G to get real... with the network coverage they expect, the incredible performance they have been promised, and the devices they love. Well, today with iPhone, the wait is over. 5G just got real. Of course, what's the most exciting part for me as a guy who has worked in networking for 25-plus years? That fact that for the first time ever, iPhone can now access Verizon's 5G Ultra Wideband. It's built with large quantities of mmWave spectrum that enable unprecedented performance. 5G Ultra Wideband has already been recognized as being the fastest 5G in the world. And it's getting even faster. Our 5G network now gives you double the peak download speeds: over 4 gigabits per seconds today in ideal conditions and even higher over time. And double the upload speeds at over 200 megabits per second. So whenever you're watching a high-definition movie or you're planning business workflows with real-time augmented reality, you can be sure that there's no faster 5G anywhere on earth. 5G Ultra Wideband has, also, a massive capacity. We're building it to help remove bottlenecks in crowded places where thousands of people use their phones at the same time. Because one day we'll be safely back in those places. And so, we're nearly doubling our 5G-enabled stadiums, venues, airports, train stations, and lighting up some of the busiest locations in the country. This enables amazing things, like reinventing the in-stadium fan experience with our NFL partners. The new Verizon 5G SuperStadium experience in the NFL app lets fans see and feel the action from up to seven camera angles, including views from players' eyes, and an immersive augmented reality like never before. We're excited for NFL to be rolling this out to many stadiums through the course of the season. And finally, 5G Ultra Wideband provides you with super low latency, so experiences like multiplayer gaming feel like they're happening in near real time, freed from the confines of your home. Together with Apple, Verizon has partnered with one of the world's leading gaming companies for some exciting news that you'll hear about later today. To make this incredible experience available to more people, we're doubling down on our fastest network, the 5G Ultra Wideband, with double the coverage in existing cities like New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, and expanding into new cities like Philadelphia and San Francisco, with 60 cities by year-end. In addition to our 5G Ultra Wideband network, we have an extensive 5G network. And today, we're excited to announce that Verizon is turning on our 5G Nationwide network, reaching more than 200 million people across more than 1,800 cities and towns. So, all of the pieces have now come together: the coverage of 5G Nationwide, the unprecedented performance of 5G Ultra Wideband in more and more cities, the reliability you expect from Verizon. With the first 5G iPhone on the 5G America has been waiting for, we can finally say, 5G just got real. Hans, this is definitely the start of something big. Thank you for joining us, and thank you for all the great work we're doing together. We are very excited about 5G on iPhone, and we're going to introduce 5G across our entire lineup of new iPhone models today. So now I'd like to show you the very first iPhone with 5G. Introducing iPhone 12. To tell you all about it, I'd like to hand it over to Kaiann. Let's take a closer look at iPhone 12 with 5G. It has an all-new design that's simply stunning. It has smooth, flat edges, allowing the aluminum frame and glass to stay flush, front and back, creating this unique uniform construction. Inside and out, iPhone was re-architected to pack in new technologies into a smaller form factor. iPhone 12 was designed with 5G in mind, including the position of all-new antennas which go around the aluminum frame. The design looks amazing in five stunning new colors: black, white, (PRODUCT)RED, green and a gorgeous blue. iPhone 12 features the same great 6.1-inch display size as iPhone 11, yet we reduced the display borders to create a much smaller iPhone. If we compare it to iPhone 11, iPhone 12 is 11% thinner, 15% smaller in volume and 16% lighter. Keeping the display size and reducing the footprint was only possible by bringing our best display technology to iPhone 12. And that is our Super Retina XDR display. Our new Apple-custom OLED has many advantages over LCD. Each OLED pixel has its own light which can be individually controlled, giving us pixel-precision brightness, rich colors and an amazing two-million-to-one contrast ratio for true blacks in photos, videos, games. And Dark Mode looks fantastic. The new OLED display also has a higher resolution, with twice as many pixels as iPhone 11. It now has 460 pixels per inch. So text will be sharper for easier reading, and your photos will look better, with more detail, increased dynamic range and precise color. And peak brightness is nearly twice as high for HDR content: 1,200 nits, and we include support for HDR video formats: Dolby Vision, HDR10 and HLG. We obsess over making your display impeccable, and of course it's important that we protect your display in the best way. The cover glass on iPhone 11 is the toughest in the industry, but iPhone 12 leaps ahead with something even better. Much better. Our incredible Materials Engineering team has been working closely with our partners at Corning, the leaders in glass technology, on a new cutting-edge material. And we call it Ceramic Shield. Ceramic Shield goes beyond glass by adding a new high-temperature crystallization step which grows nanoceramic crystals within the glass matrix to dramatically improve toughness. To make this material both tough and optically clear, we precisely control the type of crystals and degree of crystallinity. This was the breakthrough that made Ceramic Shield possible for iPhone. Ceramic Shield is tougher than any smartphone glass, and along with our new design it makes iPhone more durable than ever. We measured four times better drop performance. That means if your iPhone accidentally slips out of your pocket, Ceramic Shield will have four times the chance of surviving without cracking. This is the biggest jump in reliability we've ever had on iPhone, and we are thrilled to bring that to iPhone 12. Let's talk more about the 5G capability on iPhone 12. As Tim said, to create the best possible 5G experience it required seamless integration of hardware and software, and partnering closely with carriers. Here's Arun to tell you more. I'm here in one of our 50 world-class anechoic chambers where we develop and test advanced wireless capabilities like 5G. And we approach this differently than anyone else. Starting with hardware, we designed custom 5G antennas and radio components that allow us to target exactly what works best in the entire system. We can be very space efficient while also including the most 5G bands in a single phone, to work on 5G in more places than any other smartphone. Another Apple advantage is our ability to engineer a fully integrated system from silicon to software. We analyzed our entire software stack from applications down to firmware to take advantage of 5G speeds. For example, we optimized iOS frameworks, so apps can get the benefit of 5G without using more power. 5G makes iPhone faster. We also made 5G smarter with Smart Data mode. When your iPhone doesn't need 5G speeds, it automatically uses LTE to save battery. But the instant 5G speeds do matter, iPhone starts using it. We also conduct rigorous validation. For example, this custom-built anechoic chamber helps us replicate signals from multiple sources and directions. We use this data to optimize our antenna system and our unique beamforming algorithms. To deliver 5G around the world, we collaborate closely with carrier partners, ensuring iPhone has great throughput, coverage, call quality and battery life. We've completed 5G testing on over 100 carriers in over 30 regions, and we're seeing impressive peak speeds on iPhone 12. Up to 3.5 gigabits per second in ideal conditions. Of course, 5G speeds will vary by carrier and region. In the US, we also support mmWave, the high frequency version of 5G on all iPhone 12 models. This includes support for Verizon's 5G Ultra Wideband network. This technology is ideal for densely populated areas and crowded stadiums. With wider bandwidth, it can deliver even higher speeds. In fact, we have measured over 4 gigabits per second in ideal conditions and up to 1 gigabit per second in typical conditions. This is just the beginning, and we're excited to offer iPhone users the best possible 5G experience. Now back to Kaiann. Now let's talk about the chip that powers the new iPhone. The A13 Bionic on iPhone 11 is still the fastest chip in a smartphone. That's until now. We have a new chip developed by our world-class silicon team: A14 Bionic, the fastest chip ever in a smartphone. Let me quickly take you to our secret chip lab where Hope will tell you all about it. [beeping] And finally, here's Hope. Every year, iPhone sets the standard for mobile performance, even challenging the performance of laptops. This year, A14 Bionic also marks a very important milestone in the history of iPhone. A14 Bionic is the first smartphone chip in the world built on the latest 5-nanometer process technology. The reduction in transistor size enables us to add features and increase performance, all while improving energy efficiency. Our Silicon Engineering team has packed 11.8 billion transistors into A14 Bionic, an increase of nearly 40% compared to A13. A14 improves performance and efficiency across the entire design of the chip, starting with the CPU. The new 6-core CPU in A14 is the fastest CPU in any smartphone. In fact, it's up to 50% faster. A14 also features our latest 4-core GPU design, driving increased image quality and overall efficiency, so it's even better for advanced games and machine learning. And compared to the competition, it's the fastest GPU in any smartphone, delivering up to 50% faster graphics. We've also made significant architectural changes that push the limits of ML processing, a critical design investment to enable new experiences. We've dramatically increased the performance of our Neural Engine by growing from 8 to 16 cores. This change delivers up to 80% faster performance on the most critical machine learning models. This new Neural Engine is capable of an astounding 11 trillion operations per second. And we've also increased the performance of our CPU's dedicated ML accelerators, now 70% faster, so our developers benefit from considerably improved ML performance on our entire chip. Our silicon powers every experience on the iPhone, and with A14 Bionic we make those experiences even better with big updates to our CPU, GPU and a dramatic increase in machine learning capabilities. Back to Kaiann. A14 Bionic enables console-quality games. With the faster speeds and lower latency of 5G, multiplayer gaming gets even better. Later this year, one of the best games of all time is coming to iPhone. It has held the prestigious title of most popular, most played and most viewed game in the world and revolutionized e-sports with over 100 million people watching the world championship last year. I'm, of course, talking about &lt;i&gt;League of Legends.&lt;/i&gt; Using the power of the new A14 Bionic and Verizon's 5G Ultra Wideband network, iPhone gaming is taking an enormous leap forward. Here's Michael Chow, executive producer from Riot Games, to tell you more about it. At Riot, we aspire to make games that meet our players wherever they are. &lt;i&gt;League of Legends&lt;/i&gt; is the world's most popular PC game. But now with the insanely powerful iPhone 12 and Verizon 5G, we believe it's the perfect time to bring &lt;i&gt;League&lt;/i&gt; to iOS. This is &lt;i&gt;League of Legends: Wild Rift.&lt;/i&gt; The power of A14 Bionic literally blew us away. It allows us to show off champions like Ashe with a brand-new level of fidelity that you can't find on any other platform. With off-the-charts GPU performance and frames per second, you get amazing details and fluid gameplay, even in the most chaotic team fights. On iPhone 12, gameplay is always responsive and unbelievably smooth. Until now, to be competitive in &lt;i&gt;League of Legends,&lt;/i&gt; you had to be tied to your desk. But Verizon 5G frees you to game like a pro pretty much anywhere, no Wi-Fi required. And with wicked-fast speeds up to 25 times today's networks, not only is gameplay fast, but so are downloads. So you can instantly grab dope new skins that show off all your favorite champs. We'll see you on the &lt;i&gt;Wild Rift.&lt;/i&gt; Wow! What a huge moment for mobile gaming. We can't wait to play &lt;i&gt;League of Legends&lt;/i&gt; on iPhone 12. A14 Bionic also combines with our cameras and powerful software to deliver the new dual-camera system of iPhone 12. It has the Ultra Wide camera that people love and use to take inspiring photos in creative ways. iPhone 12 also has a new Wide camera with an f/1.6 aperture, our fastest yet. This allows more light to hit the sensor, making every photo better. Along with the wider aperture, we developed our first 7-element lens to maintain sharp detail in your photo from edge to edge. This delivers a 27% improvement in low-light performance, so photos and videos all around will have less noise and brighter results. Like in this photo, with fantastic detail in her hair, clothing, and the sun's reflection. On top of this, we use computational photography to deliver even more powerful new features. Our Smart HDR 3 continues to bring out details in faces, like you see here when the sun is so bright behind her. Now it understands scenes with machine learning and applies more adjustments to distinct parts of the photo. For example, Smart HDR 3 brings out more detail in the rocks and uses sky segmentation to adjust for color, contrast and noise. Computational photography also enables Night mode, which has been called the best in the industry. Night mode on iPhone 12 gets even better. The faster aperture captures more light. And now, we are expanding Night mode to all cameras of iPhone 12, for the first time on the Ultra Wide and front TrueDepth camera, which is perfect for Night mode selfies. This is without a flash. These cameras are incredible. Let's take a look at other photos shot on iPhone 12. This photo makes use of the Ultra Wide lens while maintaining sharpness and clarity like you see in the branches and leaves. Here's another Ultra Wide photo, shot from below. Just look at the amazing details in the clothing and chandeliers. In this low-light portrait photo, the color and warm light in the background come together seamlessly. For video, iPhone continues to lead the industry with the highest-quality video. And with the larger aperture, iPhone 12 video will get even better, with big improvements in lower light. We're adding Night mode time-lapse, with longer exposure and brighter frames when using a tripod. We wanted to show you iPhone 12 in action, so here's a video we shot and edited entirely on iPhone 12. ["Why iii Love the Moon" by Phony Ppl playing] With an amazing camera on the go and 5G speeds, iPhone 12 takes us into an even more wireless world. We love wireless charging, but want to improve the experience. When setting down your phone, you can miss the exact center of the charger, which can result in slow, less efficient charging, or none at all. So with iPhone 12, we are making this so much better. But that's not all. Introducing MagSafe for iPhone. To tell you more, here's Deniz. MagSafe is an advanced new system. It starts by improving the wireless charging experience. Our wound wire coil, which is unique in the industry, now accommodates magnets and maintains compatibility with existing Qi chargers. The magnets are optimized for alignment and efficiency. And we improved our shielding design to safely provide up to 15 watts for faster charging. We use a custom nanocrystalline shield to capture magnetic flux. We also added two new sensors: a single-turn coil NFC and a sensitive magnetometer, which senses magnetic field strength and can instantly react to it. This enables iPhone 12 to recognize and provide a better experience for accessories. Any MagSafe accessory can simply snap onto the back of iPhone. So, this is really great. We're enabling a whole new ecosystem for MagSafe, starting with all-new cases for iPhone 12: silicone, clear, leather... which have magnets to snap on and off, and they're far easier to use. And you can use other MagSafe accessories on top of the cases, like the MagSafe charger. And there's a MagSafe wallet. It just snaps to the back of iPhone and also works on top of MagSafe cases. The leather sleeve uses MagSafe sensors to identify when iPhone is inside to reveal the clock. We also developed the new MagSafe Duo Charger for your iPhone and Apple Watch. You can charge both devices with one charger, and it folds up easily for when you travel. And these are just the accessories we are introducing. Belkin is already working on a couple of new accessories: a car mount and a multi-charger dock. We can't wait to see the innovative ways that others will use MagSafe, creating a robust and ever-expanding ecosystem. Back to you, Kaiann. We also have some big environmental news for iPhone. To tell you more, here's Lisa. Today, Apple is carbon neutral for our global corporate operations. Our offices, stores and data centers run on 100% renewable energy. And we're proud of how far we've come. But by 2030, we plan to have net zero climate impact across our entire business, including our manufacturing supply chain and all product life cycles. This means that every Apple device sold, from material collection, component manufacturing, assembly, transport, customer use, charging, all the way through recycling and material recovery will be 100% carbon neutral. Many of iPhone 12's environmental features build on our past progress, removing harmful chemicals and using renewable and recyclable materials. And now, for the first time, we are using 100% recycled rare earth elements in all magnets, including the camera, haptics and MagSafe. We've also been transitioning our iPhone manufacturing partners to renewable energy. And just like we did with Apple Watch, we looked for ways to cut waste and use less material. Customers already have over 700 million Lightning headphones. And many customers have moved to a wireless experience with AirPods, Beats or other wireless headphones. And there are also over two billion Apple power adapters out in the world, and that's not counting the billions of third-party adapters. So we are removing these items from the iPhone box, which reduces carbon emissions and avoids the mining and use of precious materials. Removing these items also means a smaller, lighter iPhone box. We can fit up to 70% more products on a shipping pallet, reducing carbon emissions in our global logistics chain. Taken altogether, the changes we've made for iPhone 12 cut over two million metric tons of carbon emissions annually. It's like removing 450,000 cars from the road per year. This is huge, and we're really proud that Apple is taking the lead. We hope others will follow, making this impact even bigger for our planet. Back to you, Kaiann. Now every iPhone will include the more advanced and higher power USB-C to Lightning Cable. It can be used with any standard USB-C power adapter or computer port. And USB-C enables fast charging. So that's iPhone 12 with 5G. But to add to all these big announcements, we also wanted to do something a little different. ["James Bond Theme" playing] Something only Apple would do. [music continues] [beeps] [beeps] This is iPhone 12 mini. With its amazing size, it fits in the palm of your hand, while still keeping the expansive edge-to-edge Super Retina XDR display. It's smaller and lighter than our 4.7-inch models like iPhone 8, but with a larger 5.4-inch display that lets you see so much more. With its compact size, the iPhone 12 mini has the exact same features as iPhone 12. You're just choosing between two great sizes. In fact, iPhone 12 mini is the smallest, thinnest and lightest 5G phone in the world. With its large screen and compact size, we think this will be an incredibly popular iPhone. Everything on iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 mini is the latest: 5G, the fastest chip with A14 Bionic, most advanced display with OLED, all-new design with Ceramic Shield, even better water resistance, new cameras for low light, and MagSafe. Let's see everything iPhone 12 can do. ["Eat Them Apples" by Suzi Wu playing] [camera shutter clicking] Even with these huge updates, the iPhone 12 lineup will start at just $699 for iPhone 12 mini and $799 for iPhone 12. We also have great financing options from Apple as well as our partners. This includes a very special offer from Verizon. If you trade in an iPhone X or newer, you can get iPhone 12 starting at $15 per month for 24 months, or iPhone 12 mini for just $12 per month. This is an unprecedented leap forward for iPhone. There is simply nothing like iPhone 12. Back to you, Tim. iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 mini are absolutely amazing. They are the start of a new era for iPhone. Yet that's just half of our iPhone story today. We want to take it even further with our pro line of iPhones. And here they are. This is iPhone 12 Pro. I'd like to hand it over to Joz to tell you all about it. iPhone 12 Pro is designed for our users who want the absolute most from their iPhone. It takes our new design even further with premium materials. This includes a durable and beautiful surgical-grade stainless steel band and precision-milled back glass. They come in four new finishes, including an elegant silver, a rich, deep graphite, a stunning gold and an all-new Pacific Blue. They're engineered with an advanced PVD process that provides a spectacular luster. And our new gold uses a high-power magnetron coating process that gives the stainless steel a stunning bright gold finish. The pro models also feature our incredibly durable Ceramic Shield. And these models have best-in-class water and dust resistance with an IP68 rating, so they can withstand submersion at up to six meters for 30 minutes. The pro design is complemented beautifully with our new MagSafe accessories which provide easy and secure attachment and high-power charging. iPhone 12 Pro features our industry-leading Super Retina XDR displays. We were able to go from today's 5.8-inch to a much larger 6.1-inch display. And iPhone 12 Pro Max increases from today's 6.5-inch to a more expansive 6.7-inch display. We were able to grow these displays but keep the form factors nearly identical. So for people who want our biggest displays, this is the largest display ever in an iPhone, with our highest resolution, featuring nearly three and a half million pixels. HDR video comes to life. High-resolution HDR movies and TV shows that you stream over 5G will look amazing. Our pro models are packed with pro-level performance. While our competition is scrambling to catch up with our chips from last year, we remain generations ahead. And our advantages go beyond the CPU and GPU. Together with our Image Signal Processor, or ISP, they enable powerful computational photography for camera experiences that simply are not possible with traditional cameras. For example, Deep Fusion uses machine learning on the Neural Engine for pixel-by-pixel processing of photos with unprecedented detail, texture and minimal noise. To accomplish this, Deep Fusion uses all the compute engines of the A14. Our camera sensor captures multiple images and processes them through the ISP. The CPU computes the alignment of the frames. The GPU pre-processes the images before running them through the Neural Engine. And then there's additional post-processing done in the GPU. With A14 Bionic, we are able to bring Deep Fusion to all four cameras of iPhone 12 Pro, including the front-facing TrueDepth camera. We combine state-of-the-art camera hardware with this amazing compute power to create a pro camera system that is unlike any other device. iPhone 12 Pro features our amazing Ultra Wide camera with a 120-degree field of view, and our new Wide camera with faster f/1.6 aperture and 7-element lens that lets in 27% more light. iPhone 12 Pro also features a 52 mm Telephoto camera for stunning portraits. So iPhone 12 Pro delivers high-quality optical images at three different focal lengths, with a 4x optical zoom range. The larger size of the iPhone 12 Pro Max provided us with an opportunity to do even more with our pro camera system. And here's Andrew to tell you all about it. In iPhone 12 Pro Max, we've been able to create our best camera ever. We have a brand-new Telephoto camera with a 65 mm focal length. Moving from a 52 mm focal length to a 65 mm allows for longer framing in the classic portrait style. With the new Telephoto, you can now optically zoom in two and a half times for even closer shots or tighter crops, which means improving to a 5x optical zoom range from the Ultra Wide's 13 mm to the Telephoto's 65 mm. iPhone 12 Pro Max features an all-new massive Wide camera with an f/1.6 aperture, a new sensor and new system for Optical Image Stabilization, or OIS. Let me first tell you about the new sensor. It's 47% larger, with 1.7 micron pixels, our largest yet. Larger pixels plus a faster aperture gives iPhone 12 Pro Max an incredible 87% improvement in low light, which is our biggest leap in light gathering capability. On top of that, we developed a completely new system for optical image stabilization that adopts a high-end DSLR approach called sensor-shift. Sensor-shift applies stabilization to the sensor instead of the heavier lens to precisely control motion in X and Y while maintaining sharpness. This cancels both low and high-frequency disturbances like hand movement or vibrations in a car. In addition, the OIS on all our Wide cameras this year can now make 5,000 micro adjustments per second, which is five times more than last year. Along with motion processing advancements, we get stabilized exposure times of up to two seconds in low light for handheld shots, equal to a full f-stop increase in light gathering. This sensor-shift system is unique to Apple and helps people capture everyday situations with extraordinary images. And it delivers steady video with a truly cinematic feel. Now here's my colleague Alok to tell you more about another feature we created for our pro users. These are amazing cameras for pros, and we want to give our pros even more control over the images they capture. Many pros love to capture in RAW, but they're missing the benefit of our sophisticated image fusion. So we'd like to show you a sneak peek of a new feature that combines the control of shooting in RAW with the power of our computational photography. And that's Apple ProRAW. This will be an incredible feature for pros and will be available in the iPhone Camera app on iPhone 12 Pro and 12 Pro Max later this year. It provides many of the benefits of our multi-frame image processing and computational photography, like Deep Fusion and Smart HDR, and combines them with the depth and flexibility of a RAW format. In order to achieve this, we constructed a new pipeline that takes components of the processing we do in our CPU, GPU, ISP and Neural Engine and combines them into a new Deep Image file computed at the time of capture without any shutter delay. And we do this for all four cameras, dynamically adapting for various scenes while maintaining our intuitive camera experience. Things like sharpening, white balance and tone mapping become instructions rather than being baked into the photo, delivering full creative control over color, detail and dynamic range. Here you can see a photo shot with Apple ProRAW. Notice how it's taken full advantage of Deep Fusion to capture a wide range of light and shadow from multiple exposures. Because all the data is contained in Apple ProRAW, this image can be processed in various ways while retaining the crisp, beautifully rendered detail. You can edit Apple ProRAW directly in our Photos app and other professional photo editing apps. We're also creating an API for third-party apps to capture images in Apple ProRAW. This is really the best of both worlds. The flexibility of RAW with the power of Apple's computational photography. And now, back to Joz. iPhone 12 Pro allows you to take absolutely stunning photos. Even at dusk, you can see the incredible color and texture in the shadows. You can see this Ultra Wide shot preserves the detail in the cracks of the desert floor. You can almost feel it. With Deep Fusion, you can even see the detail of her dress in this low-light setting. In this classic black-and-white, you can feel the sun glistening on the horse. On a tripod, we can take Night mode even further, capturing the pop of color in the tent as well as the stars in the night sky. Now let's talk about pro video. Year after year, iPhone provides the highest quality video on a smartphone. Pros use iPhone to shoot TV shows, news reports and even movies. This has never been more important, as our homes have become our studios. In fact, for many TV productions, from &lt;i&gt;American Idol&lt;/i&gt; to &lt;i&gt;Mythic Quest,&lt;/i&gt; the show has been able to go on because of iPhone. This year, we're taking pro video further, much further. For the first time, we're bringing HDR video recording to iPhone. You can now record in 10-bit High Dynamic Range. This means we can capture over 700 million colors. That's 60 times more colors than before. While you capture, you get a live preview of your HDR content on the Super Retina XDR display. And we're also gonna do something that no other device in the world can do. iPhone 12 Pro is the first camera to record in Dolby Vision HDR. To accomplish this, every single frame of 10-bit video runs through our ISP, generating a histogram and allowing iPhone to grade each frame in Dolby Vision, live while you're recording. And we can do this at 4K resolution and 60 frames per second. This is enabled by our Apple custom sensor and the incredible power of the A14, which does the intense processing of these image algorithms in real time. Prior to today, you needed a pro studio lab and special equipment to edit your original Dolby Vision footage and then re-encode your files. iPhone 12 Pro will be the first device to edit in Dolby Vision, right from the Photos app. You can even apply filters. iPhone will regenerate the Dolby Vision tuning on the fly. Oscar-winning cinematographer Emmanuel "Chivo" Lubezki made a film to showcase iPhone 12 Pro with Dolby Vision, and I'd like to show it to you now. &lt;i&gt;My name is Emmanuel Lubezki.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;I am a cinematographer.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;When I started shooting movies,&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;you had to rent a very expensive camera,&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;buy film stock, pay for developing,&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;special equipment for editing.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Now, you can really go out with&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;one of these devices and make a movie.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;The iPhone Pro will allow filmmakers&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;all around the world to make films&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;that otherwise are impossible&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;because you don't have the means&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;or because the cameras are too heavy&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;or too complicated.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;I think the next great cinematographer&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;or the next great film director&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;is already making movies&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;with one of these devices.&lt;/i&gt; So iPhone is the first and only device that enables you to capture, edit, watch and share Dolby Vision video. What an incredible end-to-end pro video workflow, right from your pocket. And with 5G, sharing your videos from the field has never been faster. And we have another exciting capability we're bringing to our new pro iPhones. Here's Francesca to tell you more. We've pushed the industry with depth technology over the years, and today we continue that innovation with... a LiDAR scanner. LiDAR stands for Light Detection and Ranging, and it measures how long it takes light to reach an object and reflect back. We've adopted this technology for iPhone, and with the machine learning and depth frameworks of iOS 14, iPhone understands the world around you and builds a precise depth map of the scene. It enables object and room scanning, photo and video effects and precise placement of AR objects. LiDAR makes iPhone 12 Pro a powerful device for delivering instant AR and unlocking endless opportunities in apps. The LiDAR scanner also takes our pro camera system to a whole new level. With LiDAR's ability to see in the dark, we use it for autofocus in low-light scenes, improving accuracy to focus and reducing capture time. Instead of hunting for focus, the LiDAR scanner can identify the subject, focus and capture right away. This works in photos and videos. In fact, with LiDAR, we can improve focus time in low-light scenes by up to six times, so your subject is clearly in focus, without missing the moment. LiDAR also improves depth in low light for Night mode, enabling stunning Night mode portrait shots like this one. Look at the incredible detail in the face, the realistic color throughout the scene and the blooming bokeh in the lights in the background. And that's the new LiDAR scanner on iPhone 12 Pro. Now back to Joz. As you can see, iPhone 12 Pro is loaded with incredible innovations. And when you combine these advanced capabilities with 5G, it will enable you to do so much more on the go. And 5G is going to unlock even more opportunities for our developers. I'd like to show you a couple examples. On-call physicians often need to review complex medical scans anywhere, anytime. OsiriX HD app and 5G enables them to download these very large images with lightning-fast speeds. The ability to download a full diagnostic scan in a matter of seconds versus minutes can make the difference between life and death for a stroke victim. And enterprise will be able to use private 5G networks for high reliability and low-latency apps. Like JigSpace, which accelerates setup of complex work spaces. To set up a medical device production facility, Medtronic would normally create a Six Sigma cardboard layout of the space, taking weeks to design and costing tens of thousands of dollars. And now, with 5G and the new LiDAR scanner, iPhone 12 Pro enables teams to immediately map the environment and collaborate with their colleagues to instantly place simulated equipment, adapt it to the room layout and outline process flows. JigSpace on iPhone 12 Pro enabled Medtronic to completely transform projects from weeks to hours, reducing costs by more than 90%. We really pushed the limits with iPhone 12 Pro and iPhone 12 Pro Max with stunning new designs and larger displays. They're packed with our most innovative technologies like the A14 Bionic chip, LiDAR scanner and incredible pro camera system powered by computational photography. And now, here's a short film we created about the iPhone 12 Pro. [man narrating] &lt;i&gt;A singular new design.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;A reengineered chip.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;And 5G.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;This is iPhone 12 Pro.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;The vertical band is precision-machined&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;from stainless steel.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;The Ceramic Shield on the front&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;is tougher than any smartphone glass.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;And tighter borders allow for&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;even larger Super Retina XDR displays.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;5G is set to change the world&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;with radically faster speeds.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;The hardware and software have been&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;optimized for the best 5G experience.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;A14 Bionic has a smaller,&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;5-nanometer transistor,&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;which pushes the most powerful chip&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;in a smartphone generations ahead.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;A new and improved pro camera system&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;makes the 12 Pro&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;the photographer's iPhone.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;The larger iPhone 12 Pro Max&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;pushes these innovations even further.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Its bigger sensor&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;dramatically increases the detail captured&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;and helps improve low-light performance&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;by 87%.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;The custom-designed LiDAR scanner&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;puts advanced depth-mapping technology&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;in your pocket.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;You can now take a Night mode portrait&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;and unlock a new world of possibilities&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;for augmented reality.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;iPhone 12 Pro smashes the benchmark&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;for highest quality video in a smartphone.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;The movie industry can now count on it&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;as an essential piece of equipment.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;It is the world's first device&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;able to capture, play back and edit&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;10-bit HDR footage with Dolby Vision.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;iPhone 12 Pro comes in two sizes&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;and in four finishes,&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;including new Pacific Blue.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;An integral part of this year's design&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;is MagSafe,&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;an intelligent system of magnets that&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;connect accessories in a whole new way.&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;All this and more make the iPhone 12 Pro&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;the most powerful iPhone ever.&lt;/i&gt; Even with all of these incredible pro technologies, we are keeping the price the same as today, with iPhone 12 Pro starting at $999. And we're doubling the starting capacity to 128 GB. And iPhone 12 Pro Max, with our best cameras ever, at $1,099. We're rolling out 5G to more than 100 carriers around the world. This is our fastest rollout ever. iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 Pro will be available for pre-order this Friday, October 16th, and available next week on October 23rd. iPhone 12 Pro Max and iPhone 12 mini will be available for pre-order starting on Friday, November 6th, and they will begin shipping the following week, on November 13th. So this is our new iPhone lineup, starting with iPhone SE at just $399, and iPhone 11 is now just $599. Now back to Tim. Wow, what an amazing day. This is the day we've all been looking forward to. It's remarkable to think about where iPhone started and where it is today. Now with support for high-performance 5G networks, the powerhouse A14 chip, Super Retina XDR displays with Ceramic Shield, MagSafe and breakthrough camera systems that even record Dolby Vision video. And pro models that take the experience further with a pro design, four incredible cameras, LiDAR scanner and the largest display we've ever shipped in an iPhone. We've come so far with a device that is so important to our daily lives. This marks the start of a new era for iPhone. And we announced HomePod mini, with computational audio, the power of Siri, and a simple and private smart home experience all in a beautiful, compact design. At Apple, we put the user at the center of everything we do. It means so much to us to create products that make a difference in people's lives. Products that make things simpler, easier and more enjoyable. And we couldn't be more proud of these products and the amazing teams who made it all possible. Thank you for joining us, stay safe, and have a great day. ["Good Day for Dreaming" by Ruelle playing]
> **ZH:** 问所有人：“谁饿了？我买了披萨” 信息会自动在家中所有的 HomePod 扬声器上播放 你家人的个人设备上也会出现提示 广播信息也会在 AirPods 上播放 如此一来 你也可以传话给孩子们 回复：“正合我意” 广播功能通过全新的方式 将家人们联系在一起 我们迫不及待 HomePod mini 将 Siri 的智能带到你的智能居家 将时间交还给 Bob HomePod mini 不仅满载超赞功能 和所有 Apple 产品一样 设计中处处考虑了用户的隐私与安全 除非在轻触启动 Siri 或设备听到 “嘿 Siri” 的情况下 你说的话都不会被发送到别处 用户的请求不与 Apple ID 相关联 而且用户可选择 Apple 是否保存录音 私人请求只有当你的 iPhone 和你同时在家时才能使用 所有与智能家居设备的通信 都使用了强大的加密 我们迫不及待能够让大家享受到 新 HomePod mini 为你的家带来的 所有难以置信的新体验 有白色和深空灰色两种颜色可供选择 我在此激动地宣布 HomePod mini 的发售价格 仅为 99 美元 11 月 6 日起即可预定 HomePod mini 我们将在 11 月 16 日那周开始发货 以上就是 HomePod mini 的介绍 一个搭载了强大计算音频 世界一流智能助理 搭载了广播等各类超棒的功能 和你最爱的 Apple 设备紧密集成的设备 现在我把时间交还给 Tim 我们来聊一聊 iPhone iPhone 是一款非常强大的个人设备 是我们日常使用频率最高的产品 凭借其强大的功能 iPhone 改变了我们生活 如今在我们生活中的重要性超乎以往 过去的一年 iPhone 又取得了巨大的成功 从推出至今 iPhone 11 成为了 世界上最受欢迎的智能手机 用户们非常喜爱自己的 iPhone 从问世的第一年开始 每年 iPhone 的用户满意度 均位列行业第一 用户喜爱 iPhone 的理由有很多 人们喜爱它的易用性 喜爱它以个性化的方式 将人们联系在一起 喜爱它改变提升了摄影体验 让我们消息灵通 让我们娱乐放松 得益于 App Store 建立的 强大的 app 生态系统 用户能用 iPhone 做越来越多的事情 用户可以信任 iPhone 在完成这些事情的同时 保护着他们的安全和隐私 每个年代 都有新一代的技术 带来革新性的飞跃 让 iPhone 不断创新突破 现在新一代技术已经到来 今天标志着 iPhone 新纪元的开始 今天 我们将 5G 代入了 iPhone 这对我们所有人来说 都是一个具有划时代意义的激动时刻 5G 带来前所未有的性能突破 包括下载和上传内容 更高清的流媒体视频 反馈更为灵敏的游戏体验 实时互动等等性能体验 5G 网络技术更加先进 延迟更低 网络拥堵更少 如此一来 即使在人口密度高的地区 网络速度也会更快 5G 还能帮助保护用户的隐私与安全 用户不必再像以前一样频繁地接入 未知的、不安全的公共 Wi-Fi 热点 iPhone 的每一代蜂窝网络技术 都让突破性创新成为可能 为我们的开发者和用户带来了全新的机会 5G 是我们有史以来最激动人心的一步 对于很多人来说 随着 5G 登陆 iPhone 一切终于变为现实 如大家所知 iPhone 实现的无缝协同 整合了业内顶尖的硬件技术和 行业翘楚的软件技术 而你可能不知道的是 Apple 和全球各地的运营商 携手紧密合作 以确保 iPhone 用户能获得最好的体验 今天 我们很幸运地邀请到了 我们最亲密的合作伙伴之一加入我们 有请 Hans Vestberg Verizon 的 Chairman 兼 CEO 来到 Apple Park Hans 今天真是个大日子 我们的团队共同完成了许多了不起的工作 我想要谢谢你和整个 Apple 团队 为这历史性的一刻所献出的精彩合作 直到现在 大多数人对 5G 还秉持着一种观望态度 他们等着 5G 真正实现 他们所期望的网络覆盖率 和被承诺过的卓越表现 以及在他们所喜爱的设备上成为现实 今天 随着新 iPhone 的到来 漫长的等待终于结束了 5G 成为了现实 当然了 对于我这样一个在网络领域 工作了超过 25 年的人来说 最激动人心的一点是什么呢？ 那就是这是有史以来第一次 iPhone 终于可以访问 Verizon 的 5G 超宽频网络了 它配有大容量的毫米波频谱 能够提供前所未有的强大性能 5G 超宽频是全世界公认的 最快的 5G 网络 而它现在变得更快了 我们 5G 网络的峰值下载速度 现已提升两倍之多 如今 在理想情况下 它的速度超过每秒 4 千兆 并且随着时间的进展 还会达到更高值 上载速度也提升了两倍 即超过每秒 200 兆 不管你是在观看高清电影 或正在策划 配有实时增强现实的工作流程 你都绝对找不到比这更快的 5G 网络了 5G 超宽频也配备了超大容量 我们创建它来解决许多瓶颈问题 例如在人群拥挤的地方 成千上百人同时使用他们的手机 因为总有一天 我们会安全地回到这些地方聚集 因此 我们正积极地让启用 5G 的 体育场、会场、机场 和火车站的数量增至两倍 并且在全美各地 最繁忙的地方提供这项服务 这可以让我们实现很多前所未有的事 比如为我们的 NFL 伙伴 重新打造体育场内的 球迷体验 NFL app 内的 全新 Verizon 5G SuperStadium 体验 可以让球迷从最多七个不同的摄影角度 甚至包括球员的视角 来观看和感受球场上的交锋 还有沉浸式增强现实 带给球迷前所未有的观赛体验 我们真为 NFL 感到兴奋 因为它会在这个赛季期间 在各大体育场推出这项服务 最后 5G 超宽频拥有超低的延迟时间 因此 多人游戏等体验 会让人感觉几乎像是实时发生一样 打破居家玩游戏的界限 Verizon 携手 Apple 与一家世界一流的游戏公司合作 并会在稍后为你揭晓一些振奋人心的消息 为了给更多人提供这种出色的体验 我们正加倍推进我们最快的网络 5G 超宽频 在纽约、芝加哥和洛杉矶等城市 加倍扩大覆盖率 并扩展至新城市 比如费城和旧金山 在今年底将达到 60 座城市 除了 5G 超宽频网络之外 我们还有一个广泛的 5G 网络 今天 我们很高兴地宣布 Verizon 正积极启动 我们的 5G Nationwide 网络 在超过 1800 个城镇里 为超过两亿人提供服务 由此 各个部分现在聚汇了起来： 5G Nationwide 的覆盖 在更多城市提供 有着空前卓越表现的 5G 超宽频 和你所期望的 Verizon 可靠性 有了全美翘首以盼的 5G 网络 和第一代搭载 5G 的 iPhone 我们终于可以说 5G 真正到来了 Hans 这真的是一个划时代的开始 谢谢你加入我们 也谢谢你和我们一起完成的出色工作 我们对于 支持 5G 的 iPhone 感到兴奋不已 所以我们将把对 5G 的支持 带到今天所有全新的 iPhone 机型上 现在 容我为你展示 史上第一代支持 5G 的 iPhone 这就是 iPhone 12 我现在把时间交给 Kaiann 来详细介绍 让我们仔细看看 支持 5G 的 iPhone 12 吧 它有着令人眼前一亮的全新设计 平滑的边角 令铝金属边框和玻璃背板 从前至后 相得益彰 打造出浑然一体的独特结构 iPhone 从内到外都经过了重新架构 从而能将各项全新技术 集合于更紧凑的设计中 iPhone 12 的设计 充分考虑了 5G 的各项需求 其中包括全新天线的位置 现在围绕着铝金属边框 这样精美的设计 由五种绚丽多彩的外观呈现 黑色、白色、红色、绿色， 还有一款漂亮的蓝色 iPhone 12 配备了和 iPhone 11 一样的 6.1 英寸屏幕大小 但我们减少了屏幕边框 来打造更小的 iPhone 如果和 iPhone 11 比较 iPhone 12 的厚度减少了 11% 体积缩小了 15% 且轻了 16% 只有为 iPhone 12 搭载我们最好的显示技术 才能够让它在保持同样屏幕大小的同时 减少碳足迹 而这要归功于我们的 超视网膜 XDR 显示屏 全新的 Apple 定制 OLED 屏幕 比 LCD 屏幕更具优势 每个 OLED 像素都有可单独控制的光 让我们可以获得 像素级精确的亮度、丰富的色彩 以及惊人的两百万比一对比度 来展现照片、视频和游戏的纯黑颜色 深色模式看起来美极了 全新的 OLED 屏幕也有着更高的分辨率 比 iPhone 11 多了两倍的像素 密度达到了每英寸 460 像素 因此 文本会更清晰 更易读 而你的照片看起来也会更漂亮 丰富的细节、增强的动态范围 以及精确的颜色 而 HDR 内容的峰值亮度 也提升至两倍之多 即 1200 尼特 并且还支持以下 HDR 视频格式 杜比视界、HDR10 和 HLG 我们致力于为你打造完美无缺的屏幕 因此 用最好的方式 来保护你的屏幕是至关重要的 iPhone 11 的外屏玻璃是业内最坚固的 但 iPhone 12 超越了它 所配备的材料要更加优质 应该说优质得多 我们优秀的材料工程团队 一直在和玻璃技术的行业龙头 Corning 进行紧密合作 打造全新的尖端材料 我们把它称为超瓷晶面板 超瓷晶面板 是一种超越玻璃的材料 通过增加高温结晶的新步骤 让纳米级瓷晶体生长在玻璃基质内 以大大地增强坚固性 为了让这一材质在增强坚固性的同时 还能保持透明 我们精确地控制了晶体的种类 和结晶度 正是这样的突破才得以让 iPhone 配备超瓷晶面板 超瓷晶面板比任何 智能手机玻璃都要坚固 搭配我们的全新设计 这一切都让 iPhone 变得更为耐用 有 4 倍的抗跌落能力提升 这意味着如果你的 iPhone 不小心掉出口袋 超瓷晶面板 不会损坏的几率是之前的四倍 这是我们在 iPhone 耐用度提升 所取得的最大突破 我们很高兴地 将其应用在 iPhone 12 上 让我们谈谈 iPhone 12 的 5G 功能吧 正如 Tim 所说 要想打造最好的 5G 体验 手机就必须完美融合硬件和软件 以及和运营商进行紧密合作 接下来 有请 Arun 为你讲解更多 我现在在我们的 50 个 世界级消音室的其中一个 在这里 我们研发和测试 高级无线功能 比如 5G 而我们的研发方法和别人都不一样 我们从硬件开始设计 定制 5G 天线和无线电组件 让我们可以准确地确定 在整个系统中如何进行最佳运转 我们可以在节省空间的同时 在一部手机中囊括最多的 5G 频带 比市面上任何一台智能手机 都能在更多地方使用 5G Apple 的另一优势是 我们可以打造一个高度集成的完整系统 从芯片一直到软件 我们分析了从应用程序到固件的软件堆栈 以充分利用 5G 的速度 打个比方 我们优化了 iOS 框架 让各类 app 无需使用更多电量 即可从 5G 中获益 5G 让 iPhone 变得更快了 我们也通过智能数据模式 来让 5G 变得更智能 当你的 iPhone 无需使用 5G 时 它会自动使用 LTE 来节省电池用量 而当即时 5G 速度变得必不可少时 iPhone 就会开始使用它 我们也执行了各类严格的校验 比如 这个定制构建的消音室 能帮助我们从多个源头和方向复制信号 我们用这些数据来优化我们的天线系统 和我们独一无二的波速形成算法 为了在世界各地提供 5G 服务 我们和运营商合作伙伴紧密合作 确保 iPhone 有着表现优秀的吞吐量 覆盖率、通话质量和电池续航时间 我们已经在超过 30 个地区 和 100 多个运营商 完成了 5G 测试 测试结果显示 iPhone 12 具备 令人惊叹的峰值速度 在理想情况下 它可达到每秒 3.5 千兆 当然 5G 速度会因运营商 和地区不同而有所差异 在美国 我们也会在 所有 iPhone 12 型号上 支持毫米波 即高频版 5G 这也包括对 Verizon 5G 超宽频网络的支持 这个技术适用于人口密集区 和挤满人群的体育场 有了更宽的带宽 它还可以提供更快的速度 事实上 我们在理想情况下 测到超过每秒 4 千兆的速度 而在普通情况下 它的速度可达到每秒 1 千兆 这仅仅是个开始 我们很兴奋将为 iPhone 用户们 提供最好的 5G 体验 现在把时间交回给 Kaiann 现在 让我们来看看 为新 iPhone 提供动力的芯片吧 我们去年的 A13 仿生 依然是智能手机中最快的芯片 不过这即将改变 我们世界级的芯片团队 研发了一款全新的芯片 A14 仿生 史上最快的智能手机芯片 我会带你去我们的秘密芯片研究室 让 Hope 给你详细讲解 终于到了 这位是 Hope 每年 iPhone 都为移动端性能 设立了标杆 甚至可以挑战许多笔记本电脑的性能 今年 A14 仿生芯片 标志着 iPhone 历史上的另一个里程碑 A14 仿生是全世界第一个 采用最新 5 纳米制程技术的 智能手机芯片 晶体管尺寸的缩减 让我们能够增加更多功能 并提升性能 同时更加节能 我们的芯片工程师团队 在 A14 仿生中 集成了 118 亿个晶体管 相比 A13 数量增加了将近 40% A14 对性能和效率的提升 贯穿了整个芯片的设计 从中央处理器开始 A14 采用的新款 6 核中央处理器 是智能手机中央处理器中最快的 事实上 速度提升可达到 50% A14 还采用了我们最新的 4 核图形处理器设计 提升了图像质量和整体性能 所以在大型游戏和机器学习方面 表现更加优异 和竞争对手相比 这是智能手机中 采用的最快的图形处理器 可提供快至 50% 的图像处理速度 我们还做了至关重要的结构改动 以推进机器学习处理能力的极限 这是一个关键的设计 为用户带来更多新体验 我们极大地提升了神经网络引擎的性能 从 8 核变成 16 核 这一改进使最关键的机器学习模型 处理速度提升最高可达 80% 新一代的神经网络引擎 每秒钟能处理 11 万亿次操作 简直令人惊叹 我们还提升了中央处理器里 专属的机器学习加速器的性能 比原来快 70% 所以我们的开发者们 将得益于整个芯片 对机器学习性能的大幅提升 我们的芯片驱动着 iPhone 的全方位体验 有了 A14 仿生 我们将所有这些体验进一步优化提升 这一切通过中央处理器和图形处理器 的重大更新 以及机器学习能力的大幅提升 得以实现 交回给 Kaiann A14 仿生支持主机品质的游戏 更快的速度和更低的 5G 延迟 多人游戏的体验变得更加出色 今年晚些时候 有史以来最棒的游戏之一将登陆 iPhone 它创下了很多记录 是全世界最受欢迎、被玩的次数最多 被观看最多的游戏 它颠覆了电竞领域 去年有超过一亿人 观看 World Championship 没错 我说的这个游戏正是《英雄联盟》 借助新一代 A14 仿生 和 Verizon 的 5G 超宽频网络 iPhone 游戏实现了巨大的跨越 有请 Riot Games 的执行制作人 Michael Chow 为大家详细介绍一下 在 Riot 我们努力制作 满足玩家需求的游戏 不论他们身处何地 《英雄联盟》是全世界 最受欢迎的电脑游戏 但现在有了强大的 iPhone 12 和 Verizon 5G 我们相信这是将《英雄联盟》 上线 iOS 系统的绝佳时机 这是《英雄联盟：Wild Rift 》 强大的 A14 仿生 真的让我们惊叹不已 它让我们能用更高阶的逼真度 展示像 Ashe 这样的英雄 这在其他平台上都无法做到 通过爆表的图形处理器性能和每秒帧数 你能看到更棒的细节 享受流畅的游戏体验 即便是在最混乱的团战时 在 iPhone 12 上 游戏永远响应及时 且丝毫不卡顿 在此之前 如果你想在《英雄联盟》一展身手 只能把自己局限在电脑桌前 但 Verizon 5G 让你 可以随时随地 不需要 Wi-Fi 连接 就能像专业玩家一样酣畅大战 凭借相比现有网络 最快可达 25 倍的速度 不仅打游戏很快 下载同样很快 这样你能立刻换上超酷的新皮肤 展示你最爱的英雄 我们在《Wild Rift》中见 （胜利） 哇！这对移动端游戏而言 是一个多么重大的时刻 我们都等不及在 iPhone 12 上 玩《英雄联盟》了 A14 仿生还将摄像头 和强大的软件结合 为 iPhone 12 带来了新一代的双摄系统 它配备了大家喜爱的超广角摄像头 可以拍下创意十足的照片 iPhone 12 的广角摄像头也有了更新 使用 f/1.6 光圈 也是我们目前最大的 这使得传感器能接收更多的光 让每一张照片都更加出彩 除了更大的光圈 我们还研发了首个七镜式镜头 确保你的照片的每一处 都保留细腻的细节 并使得低光性能有了 27% 的提升 因此照片和视频都会有更少的噪点 和更高的亮度 比如这张照片 我们能看到她头发和衣物的精致细节 还有洒下的日光 除此之外 我们还运用计算摄影 为用户提供更强大的新功能 我们的智能 HDR 3 能进一步呈现面部细节 比如这张照片中 人物背后的光线很强 现在通过机器学习 它能理解场景 针对照片中的不同部分 进行更细致的调整 例如 智能 HDR 3 突出了石头的更多细节 并利用天空图像分割 调整了颜色、对比度和噪点 此外 计算摄影也实现了夜间模式 这一功能在业内可谓 独树一帜 鹤立鸡群 iPhone 12 的夜间模式变得更加出色 更大的光圈能捕捉到更多的光 现在我们为 iPhone 12 的所有摄像头 都配备了夜间模式 这也是首次应用于超广角摄像头 和前置原深感摄像头 非常适合在夜间模式下自拍 这是没开闪光灯的照片 这些摄像头实在是太棒了 我们来看看用 iPhone 12 拍摄的其他照片 这张照片使用的是超广角摄像头 保留了锐度和清晰度 你可以从树枝和叶子上看出来 这是另一张从下方拍摄的超广角照片 看看衣服和水晶灯精致的细节 在这张低光人像照片中 背景的色彩和温暖的光线完美融合 在视频方面 iPhone 的高品质视频 继续引领行业 有了更大的光圈 iPhone 12 在低光拍摄时的效果显著提升 会使得视频更加出彩 我们增加了夜间模式延时摄影功能 当使用三脚架时 曝光时间更长 画面亮度更高 我们想向大家展示 iPhone 12 的实拍效果 所以接下来这段视频 是完全用 iPhone 12 拍摄和剪辑的 凭借随时相伴的出色摄像头 和 5G 的速度 iPhone 12 带领我们进入一个 更加无线的世界 我们喜欢无线充电 但我们想要改进体验 当放置手机时 你可能会偏离充电器的中心 这会导致充电变慢、效率更低 或是完全充不了电的情况 所以在 iPhone 12 上 我们改进了这一点 但一切不仅限于此 这就是为 iPhone 打造的 MagSafe 技术 有请 Deniz 来详细介绍 MagSafe 是一个先进的新系统 它从改善无线充电体验开始 我们的绕线线圈是业界独一无二的 现在它集成了磁体 并保持与现有的 Qi 充电器兼容 磁体经过优化 以实现对齐和高效 而且我们改进了屏蔽设计 以便安全地提供高达 15 瓦的功率 从而更快充电 我们用定制的纳米级晶体面板 来捕捉磁通量 我们还增加了两个新的传感器 单匝线圈 NFC 和高灵敏度磁力计 能感应到磁场强度并能立即作出反应 这使 iPhone 12 能立即识别配件 并为其提供更好的体验 任何 MagSafe 磁吸配件 都能轻松地扣在 iPhone 的背面 这真的很棒 我们打造了整个全新 采用 MagSafe 技术的生态系统 从 iPhone 12 的全新保护壳开始 硅胶、透明材料、皮革… 上面有磁体以便扣上或取下 使用起来要方面得多 你可以在套着保护壳时 使用其它 MagSafe 磁吸配件 比如 MagSafe 充电器 还有一款全新的 MagSafe 卡包 可以轻松吸在 iPhone 的背面 也可以吸在 MagSafe 保护壳上使用 皮革保护套使用 MagSafe 传感器 可识别当 iPhone 在里面时 以显示时间 我们还为 iPhone 和 Apple Watch 开发了全新的 MagSafe 双项充电器 你可以能用一个充电器给两个设备充电 而且在出行时可将其地轻松折叠 这些只是我们将推出的配件 Belkin 也在开发几款新的配件： 车载支架和多充电器底座 我们迫不及待地想看到其他人 将以何种创新的方式使用 MagSafe 打造一个强大且不断丰富的生态系统 将时间交还给你 Kaiann 我们还有一些关于 iPhone 在环保方面的重大新闻 有请 Lisa 为你详细介绍 如今 Apple 全球企业运营中 实现了碳中和 我们的办公室、商店和数据中心 使用 100% 可再生能源 我们为所取得的进展感到骄傲 而到 2030 年 我们计划 所有业务实现对环境的净影响为零 包括我们的制造供应链 和整个产品生命周期 这意味着售出的每台 Apple 设备 从材料收集到部件制造 到装配、运输、客户使用、充电 一直到循环利用和材料回收 都将是 100% 碳中和 iPhone 12 的许多环保特征 都基于我们过去的成果 去除了有害的化学物质 使用可再生和可循环利用的材料 现在 我们首次在所有磁体中 使用 100% 再生稀土元素 包括摄像头、触感引擎和 MagSafe 我们也一直在使 iPhone 制造合作伙伴 转向可再生能源 正如我们对 Apple Watch 所做的那样 我们想方设法减少浪费和使用更少的材料 客户有超过 7 亿副闪电接头的耳机 而且许多客户通过 AirPods Beats 或其它无线耳机 转向了无线体验 此外 全球还有超过 20 亿个 Apple 电源适配器 这还不包括数十亿个第三方适配器 因此 我们将这些 从 iPhone 的包装盒中去除 这可以减少碳排放 避免开采和使用宝贵的材料 去除这些也意味着 iPhone 的盒子变得更小、更轻 我们可以在运输货盘上多装 70% 的产品 减少我们的全球物流链中的碳排放 总体来说 我们对 iPhone 12 所做的改变 每年可减少超过 200 万公吨的碳排放 这相当于每年道路上减少 45 万辆汽车 这影响巨大 我们真的为 Apple 率先行动而感到自豪 我们希望其它公司也会效仿 进一步扩大这种对地球有利的影响 将时间交还给你 Kaiann 现在 每部 iPhone 都将配备更先进 功率更高的 USB-C 转闪电连接线 它可用于任何标准 USB-C 电源适配器 或计算机端口 而且 USB-C 可实现快速充电 这是配备 5G 的 iPhone 12 但除了所有这些重要的发布之外 我们还想做一些与众不同的事 只有 Apple 会做的事 这是 iPhone 12 mini 这令人爱不释手的尺寸 让你正好一手掌握 且仍保留超视网膜 XDR 全面屏 它比诸如 iPhone 8 等 4.7 英寸机型更小、更轻 但配备更大的 5.4 英寸显示屏 使你能看到更多内容 尽管尺寸小巧 iPhone 12 mini 拥有 与 iPhone 12 相同的这些功能 你只是在两个都很棒的尺寸中进行选择 事实上 iPhone 12 mini 是全球 最小、最薄、最轻的 5G 手机 凭借其大屏幕和小巧的尺寸 我们认为这会是一款 非常受欢迎的 iPhone iPhone 12 和 iPhone 12 mini 采用了一切最新的技术： 5G、A14 仿生这款最快的芯片 最先进的 OLED 显示屏 超瓷晶面板的全新设计 优化的抗水性能 提升了低光拍摄性能的摄像头系统 以及 MagSafe 让我们来看看 iPhone 12 都可以做什么 （下载） （上传） （播放流媒体） （玩游戏） （5G 全部拿下） （拍摄 编辑 分享） （以 4K 画质） （夜间模式） （所有摄像头） （广角） （超广角） （自拍） 超视网膜 XDR 显示屏 （A14 仿生） （史上最快的） （智能手机芯片） （一切一贴即合） （全新超瓷晶面板） （4 倍抗跌落能力） （防意外泼溅） （并且） （隆重介绍） （全球最小的 5G 手机） （就像这样） 即便有这些重大更新 iPhone 12 系列中的 iPhone 12 mini 起售价仅为 699 美元 iPhone 12 仅为 799 美元 Apple 与合作伙伴 还提供了分期方案 这包括 Verizon 提供的特别优惠 如果用 iPhone X 或更新款的手机折抵换购 可在 24 个月内 以起价仅为每月 15 美元的价格 购买 iPhone 12 或以每月仅为 12 美元的价格 购买 iPhone 12 mini 这是 iPhone 前所未有的飞跃 没什么能与 iPhone 12 相媲美 将时间交还给你 Tim iPhone 12 和 iPhone 12 mini 真的非常了不起 它们是 iPhone 新时代的开始 但这只是我们今天 iPhone 故事的一半 我们希望能更进一步 于是以下就是我们的 Pro 系列 iPhone 这就是了 这就是 iPhone 12 Pro 我会把时间交给 Joz 进行详细介绍 iPhone 12 Pro 是专为 将 iPhone 发挥到极致的用户而设计的 精工细作的材质 使得全新设计更加出色 这包括耐用且美观的 手术级不锈钢边框 和精密研磨的玻璃背板 它们有四种新外观 包括优雅的银色 深沉的石墨色 惊艳的金色 和全新的海蓝色 他们采用先进的 PVD 工艺打造而成 呈现了让人眼前一亮的光泽 我们全新的金色使用了 高功率的磁控涂层工艺 使不锈钢呈现出精湛的亮金色外观 Pro 机型也配备了我们 极其耐用的超瓷晶面板 一流的 IP68 级抗水性能 及防溅防尘 最多可在 6 米水深停留 30 分钟 Pro 的设计 与我们新的 MagSafe 完美匹配 提供便捷安全的连接和高功率充电 iPhone 12 Pro 采用了 业界领先的超视网膜 XDR 显示屏 我们可以从如今的 5.8 英寸显示屏 扩展到更大的 6.1 英寸显示屏 iPhone 12 Pro Max 从如今的 6.5 英寸增加到 更大的 6.7 英寸显示屏 我们在扩展了显示屏尺寸的同时 让机型尺寸几乎保持相同 所以对于想要拥有 我们最大的显示屏的用户来说 这是 iPhone 史上最大的显示屏 拥有最高分辨率 具有近 350 万像素 HDR 视频栩栩如生 通过 5G 播放流媒体 HDR 电影和电视节目 将会看起来异常精彩 我们的 Pro 机型 配备了各种 Pro 级性能 当我们的竞争对手 还在争相追赶我们去年的芯片水平时 我们仍然领先几代 而我们的优势不仅停留在 中央处理器和图形处理器上 加上我们的图像信号处理器即 ISP 它们可以为相机体验提供 强大的计算摄影功能 这是传统相机无法实现的 例如 深度融合使用 神经网络引擎的机器学习 对照片进行逐像素处理 呈现前所未有的细节、纹理 和微乎其微的噪点 为此 深度融合 使用了 A14 的所有计算引擎 我们的摄像头传感器可捕获多张图像 通过图像信号处理器对它们进行处理 中央处理器进行逐帧对齐运算 在通过神经网络引擎运行图像之前 图形处理器会对它们进行预处理 然后在图形处理器中进行其他的后期工作 借助 A14 仿生 我们可以将深度融合带入 iPhone 12 Pro 的所有四个摄像头 包括前置原深感摄像头 我们将最先进的摄像头硬件 与这惊人的计算能力结合在一起 打造出与众不同的 Pro 级摄像头系统 iPhone 12 Pro 配备了 出色的超广角摄像头 具有 120 度视角 我们的新型广角摄像头 配备了更大的 f/1.6 光圈 以及可让额外 27％ 的光线 进入的七镜式镜头 iPhone 12 Pro 还配备了 52 毫米长焦摄像头 可拍摄出精美的人像 因此 iPhone 12 Pro 可以通过三种不同焦距的镜头 进行 4 倍的光学变焦 拍摄出高质量的光学图像 更大尺寸的 iPhone 12 Pro Max 让我们可以充分利用这一 Pro 级 摄像头系统 实现更多可能 有请 Andrew 来详细介绍 我们在 iPhone 12 Pro Max 上创造出了 我们有史以来最出色的摄像头系统 我们有一个全新的 65 毫米长焦镜头 从 52 毫米变为 65 毫米 可以拍摄更长焦距的经典人像照 新的长焦镜头 带来了 2.5 倍的光学变焦 以拍摄更近的特写或更紧凑的构图 从13 毫米的超广角镜头 到 65 毫米的长焦镜头 可以实现 5 倍的光学变焦 iPhone 12 Pro Max 配备全新的广角镜头 f/1.6 光圈 新的感光元件 以及新的光学图像防抖系统 即 OIS 让我先来介绍一下新的感光元件 尺寸增加了 47％ 像素大小为 1.7 微米 是我们迄今最大的 更大的像素加上更大的光圈 让 iPhone 12 Pro Max 的低光拍摄性能提升了 87％ 这是我们在光线捕捉能力上的巨大飞跃 除此以外 我们开发了一个全新的系统 用于光学图像防抖 它采用了高端数码单反相机上的 传感器位移式 OIS 传感器位移可为感光元件带来稳定性 而不是采用较重的镜头 在保持清晰度的同时 精确控制 X 轴和 Y 轴的动态 这消除了低频和高频干扰 例如手的抖动或汽车的振动 此外 今年我们所有 广角摄像头的光学图像防抖系统 现在每秒可以进行五千次微调整 这是去年产品的五倍 随着动态处理技术的进步 对于手持拍摄 我们可以在低光条件下 获得长达两秒的稳定曝光时间 这相当于加大一级光圈曝光 这套传感器位移系统是 Apple 独有的 并帮助人们将日常场景 拍出非凡的效果 它也可拍出具有电影感的稳定视频 现在有请我的同事 Alok 向你介绍 我们为 Pro 用户带来了的另一项功能 对摄影爱好者而言 这些摄像头已经非常优秀 而我们希望他们可以对拍摄的照片 进行更多处理 许多摄影爱好者喜欢用 RAW 格式拍照 但这样一来他们就没法使用 我们十分成熟的图像融合功能 因此我们想让大家抢先看一个新功能 让摄影爱好者既可以用 RAW 格式拍照 又可以利用我们的计算摄影技术 这个新功能就是 Apple ProRAW 对摄影爱好者而言 这是非常出色的功能 今年晚些时候 这个功能将会在 iPhone 12 Pro 和 12 Pro Max 的 iPhone 相机 app 中提供 它提供多帧图像处理 和计算摄影的许多功能 比如深度融合以及智能 HDR 并结合 RAW 格式的深度和宽容度 为了实现这一点 我们建构了一个新的图像管线 将中央处理器、图形处理器 图像信号处理器和 神经网络引擎处理的各种数据 合并到一个 新的深度图像文件中 这个文件会在拍照的同时计算生成 不会有快门延迟的问题 我们对 4 个摄像头都进行这样的处理 使相机能够灵活适应不同的场景 同时保留所见即所得的拍照体验 而像锐化、白平衡和色调映射等 则成为了照片参数 而不是直接合成到照片中 这样拍摄者可以对色彩、细节和动态范围 全权进行创意处理 在这里大家可以看到一张 使用 Apple ProRAW 拍摄的照片 请注意看它如何充分利用深度融合 来捕捉多重曝光效果的丰富光影 由于所有数据均保存在 Apple ProRAW 中 因此这个图像可以通过多种方式进行处理 同时保留清晰美观的渲染细节 大家可以直接在照片 app 中 编辑 Apple ProRaw 照片 也能在其它专业图像编辑 app 中处理 我们还为第三方 app 提供了一个 API 以 Apple ProRaw 格式来拍照 这真的是两全其美的功能 既有 RAW 格式的宽容度 又兼具 Apple 计算摄影的功能 现在把时间交给 Joz iPhone 12 Pro 可以让大家 拍出精彩绝伦的照片 即使是在黄昏 大家也能在阴影中 看到非常丰富的色彩和质感 大家可以看到这张超广角照片 保留了荒原裂痕的细节 让人感觉身临其境 借助深度融合功能 可以在这种低光场景中 看到裙子的细节 在这张经典的黑白照片中 大家可以感觉到马儿在阳光下熠熠发光 我们可以利用三脚架 进一步发挥夜间模式的作用 既捕捉帐篷的一抹色彩 又呈现夜空中的星辰 现在我们来谈一谈 Pro 视频 iPhone 年复一年 在智能手机上提供最高质量的视频 专业人士使用 iPhone 来拍摄电视节目 新闻报道甚至是电影 而且这一点的重要性超过以往 因为现在我们的家就是我们的工作室 实际上从《American Idol》 到《Mythic Quest》有很多电视节目 是因为有了 iPhone 才得以继续制作 今年我们将会让 Pro 视频制作继续突破 而且是极大的突破 我们首次将 HDR 视频录制引入了 iPhone 而现在大家可以录制 10 位高动态范围的视频 也就是说我们可以捕捉超过 7 亿种色彩 这是此前的 60 倍 在录制的时候 大家可以在超视网膜 XDR 显示屏中 实时预览 HDR 内容 我们还要做一件 世界上任何其它设备都做不到的事 iPhone 12 Pro 是首个 可以录制杜比视界 HDR 视频的相机 为了实现这一点 10 位视频中的每一帧 均经过我们的图像信号处理器 生成直方图 让 iPhone 能以杜比视界格式 对每一帧进行调色 而且是在录制中实时进行 而且我们还同时可以做到 4K 分辨率 和每秒 60 帧的帧率 这得益于 Apple 定制的传感器 以及 A14 的强大性能 它们可以实时对这些图像算法 进行高密集度的处理 在此之前 大家需要专业的工作室 以及特殊设备 来编辑原始的杜比视界视频素材 然后对文件进行重新编码 iPhone 12 Pro 将会是首个 能以杜比视界格式进行剪辑的设备 而且可以直接在照片 app 中进行剪辑 你甚至还能添加滤镜 iPhone 会随即快速重新生成 杜比视界视频 奥斯卡获奖摄影师 Emmanuel "Chivo" Lubezki 制作了一个影片 来展示有杜比视界功能的 iPhone 12 Pro 我现在就想让大家看看 我叫 Emmanuel Lubezki 我是一名电影摄影师 我刚开始拍摄电影的时候 那时我们需要租赁非常昂贵的摄影机 还要购买电影胶片 花钱冲洗 以及使用特殊的剪辑设备 现在你带着手机就可以拍摄影片 iPhone Pro 可以让全球的影片制作者 来尽情创作 此前这是不可能的 或者因为你没有那么齐全的设备 或者因为摄影机太沉重或者太复杂 我想下一代伟大的电影摄影师 或下一代伟大的电影导演 已经开始用手机制作影片了 iPhone 是首个也是唯一一个 可以让大家拍摄、剪辑、观看和分享 杜比视界视频的设备 真的是非常妙的端到端 Pro 视频工作流 而且它可以装进口袋里 在 5G 网络下 从现场分享视频将会变得 前所未有的快捷 我们还为新的 Pro 机型 iPhone 增添了其他精彩的功能 Francesca 将会为大家进一步介绍 年复一年 我们以深度技术推动了行业发展 今天 我们继续这个创新 凭借的是 激光雷达扫描仪 激光雷达代表光探测和测距 它能测量光到达一个物体并反射回来 需要的时长 现在 iPhone 也采用了这项技术 借助机器学习 和 iOS 14 的深度信息框架 iPhone 能了解你周围的世界 并建立一个场景的精确深度图 它能实现物件和房间扫描 照片和视频特效 以及增强现实物体的精准放置 激光雷达让 iPhone 成为一款利器 能实现即时增强现实 并在 app 中解锁无限丰富的用法 激光雷达扫描仪也将 我们的 Pro 摄像头系统 带上了一个新台阶 借助激光雷达扫描仪 在黑暗中的可视功能 我们能将它用于低光场景的自动对焦 提高对焦精度 并减少对焦时间 激光雷达扫描仪不用去苦苦对焦 它能识别对象 迅速对焦并拍摄 此功能在照片和视频中同样有效 事实上 凭借激光雷达扫描仪 我们可以将低光场景的对焦速度 提升六倍 从而实现清晰对焦 不错过每一瞬间 激光雷达扫描仪 也为夜间模式提升了低光下的深度信息 在夜间模式下实现出色的人像拍摄效果 比如这张 看看这面部纤毫毕现的细节 整个场景逼真的色彩 和背景灯光里绽放的虚化光晕 那就是 iPhone 12 Pro 中 全新激光雷达扫描仪 接下来交给 Joz 如你所见 iPhone 12 Pro 充满了令人不可思议的创新 当这些先进的功能与 5G 相结合时 你随时随地完成更多的事情 5G 将为我们的开发者提供更多机会 我来给你们看几个例子 急诊医生经常需要随时随地 查看复杂的医学扫描结果 OsiriX HD app 和 5G 让他们能够 光速下载 这些非常大的图片 能在几秒钟内下载一份完整的诊断扫描 而非等上好几分钟 这对中风患者而言生死攸关 企业将能通过 5G 专线 从而稳定且低延迟地使用各类 app 比如 JigSpace 可以加速 复杂工作空间的设计 例如为了建立医疗设备生产设施 Medtronic 通常在设计空间布局时 首先需要制作六西格玛纸板 设计耗时数周 且需要花费数万美元 现在有了 5G 和新的激光雷达扫描仪 iPhone 12 Pro 可以让团队 即刻完成环境绘图 然后与同事展开协作 即时放置模拟设备 并随时调整来适应房间布局 并勾勒出过程流程 iPhone 12 Pro 上的 JigSpace 让 Medtronic 将项目耗时彻底从数星期转变为几小时 降低了 90% 以上的成本 iPhone 12 Pro 和 iPhone 12 Pro Max 让我们又一次突破限制 推出了令人惊叹的新设计和更大的显示屏 二者满载我们最有创新性的技术 如 A14 仿生芯片、激光雷达扫描仪 由计算摄影技术加持的 出色的 Pro 相机系统 现在请欣赏我们制作的短片 展示更多关于 iPhone 12 Pro 的内容 别具一格的新设计 重新构造的芯片 还有 5G 这就是 iPhone 12 Pro 垂直边框采用精工细作的不锈钢材质 超瓷晶面板 比任何智能手机玻璃都要坚固 更紧凑的边框能用上更大的 超视网膜 XDR 显示屏 5G 将以颠覆性的速度改变世界 硬件和软件都为最佳的 5G 体验 进行了优化 A14 仿生 拥有更小的 5 纳米晶体管 让智能手机中最强芯片 进一步领先 一个全新优化的 Pro 相机系统 让 12 Pro 成为摄影师的 iPhone 更大的 iPhone 12 Pro Max 进一步推动了这些创新 它更大的感光元件 大幅提升了拍摄细节 将低光性能提高 87% 量身定制的激光雷达扫描仪 让你把先进的深度测距技术收入囊中 你现在可以在夜间模式下拍摄人像 为增强现实开启 一个充满无限可能的新世界 iPhone 12 Pro 重新定义了 智能手机顶级视频质量的标准 电影行业现在可以把它 当作一款必不可少的利器 这是世界上第一款能够拍摄、播放和编辑 杜比视界 10 位 HDR 视频的设备 iPhone 12 Pro 推出两种尺寸 四种外观 包括新款海蓝色 今年设计中的另一重要部分是 MagSafe 以全新方式连接配件的智能磁体系统 这一切使得 iPhone 12 Pro 成为 有史以来最强大的 iPhone 即使有了这些令人难以置信的专业技术 我们的售价依然保持不变 iPhone 12 Pro 起售价 999 美元 我们将起步容量翻倍到 128 GB iPhone 12 Pro Max 搭载我们史上最好的摄像头系统 起售价 1099 美元 我们正和全球 100 多个运营商 一起推行 5G 这是我们有史以来最快的推进 iPhone 12 和 iPhone 12 Pro 将于本周五 即 10 月 16 日 开始接受预订 下周 10 月 23 日推出 iPhone 12 Pro Max 和 iPhone 12 mini 从 11 月 6 日即周五开始 也将开放预订 并将于其后一周的 11 月 13 日推出 这是我们新一代的 iPhone 阵容 从 iPhone SE 开始 起售价仅 399 美元 iPhone 11 现在起售价仅售 599 美元 接下来交回给 Tim 哇 多么精彩的一天 这一天我们一直翘首以盼 从 iPhone 的起点和今日的成就 光是想想都让人难以置信 如今 它支持高性能 5G 网络 拥有强大的 A14 芯片 配备超瓷晶面板的 超视网膜 XDR 显示屏 MagSafe 以及有突破性的摄像头系统 甚至能录制杜比视界视频 而让体验更进一步的 Pro 机型 则采用了 Pro 级的设计 搭载四枚出色的摄像头 以及激光雷达扫描仪 还有 iPhone 迄今最大的显示屏 我们打造出了一款 对我们日常生活非常重要的设备 这标志着 iPhone 新时代的开端 我们还揭晓了 HomePod mini 它拥有计算音频、强大的 Siri 能提供简单易用且保护隐私的 智能居家体验 一切尽在精巧别致的设计之中 在 Apple 我们一切都以用户为中心 创造能改善人们生活的产品 对我们来说意义重大 让事情变得更简单 更容易、 更有趣的产品 这些产品 以及实现它们的优秀团队 让我们倍感骄傲 感谢你的收看 祝你保重 愿你有愉快的一天

