# Speaker: Isabel Yang

## Event: Apple Event  — September 12, 2023

> **EN:** Every material we choose for iPhone is meticulously considered. For iPhone 15 Pro we re-evaluated every structural component, inside and out, optimizing our alloy selection and creating a breakthrough innovation in manufacturing and materials design. The new enclosure uses Grade 5 titanium, an alloy that has even higher tensile strength than pure titanium. It's typically reserved for applications where the balance of strength, formability, as well as weight, are especially critical. In fact, this is the same alloy used on the Mars rover. Titanium has one of the highest strength-to-weight ratios of any metal, providing incredible durability for iPhone, while enabling a much lighter design in comparison to stainless steel. The titanium encases a new aluminum sub-structure that is bonded using solid-state diffusion. This is an industry-first innovation, using a new thermo-mechanical process that joins these two metals with incredible high strength. Using aluminum on the inside creates synergistic properties with the titanium enclosure, helping with thermal dissipation and further weight reduction. Titanium also introduces a new refined brush texture, enabled by a unique, multi-step process that includes precision machining, sanding, brushing, and blasting. And while anodizing is commonly used on titanium, we chose to use a PVD coating as added protection while introducing color. These Apple-designed coatings are engineered with nanometer precision, and take up to 14 hours to complete, resulting in four gorgeous finishes: Black Titanium and White Titanium beautifully harmonize with the back glass, Blue Titanium highlights the material's elegance, and Natural Titanium celebrates its raw metallic nature. There is also a new internal chassis architecture that makes iPhone more repairable, thanks to a new structural frame that allows the back glass to be easily replaced. The entire aluminum sub-structure is made with 100% recycled aluminum, a first for iPhone, contributing to the overall increase in recycled materials as we work toward our 2030 goals. Now, back to Joz.

