# Speaker: Lisa Jackson

## Event: Apple Event  — September 12, 2023

> **EN:** At Apple, our mission is to make products customers love and protect the planet at the same time. Three years ago, we made our corporate operations around the world carbon neutral. It was the first step towards our most ambitious environmental commitment to date. Apple 2030: our plan to be carbon neutral across our entire business by the year 2030. The next step is getting the carbon footprint of all of our products down to net zero. For Apple Watch Series 9, we challenged ourselves to significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions from their three biggest sources: materials, electricity, and transportation. Maximizing recycled and renewable materials in our products is key to Apple 2030 because they have a lower carbon impact than virgin materials. So we use 100% recycled aluminum in our watch cases, plus recycled gold, tin, copper, tungsten, and more inside of Series 9. And for the first time, there is 100% recycled cobalt in the battery. We also redesigned one of our most popular watch bands, the Sport Loop, to use more recycled material. It is now made with 82% recycled yarn, while maintaining the softness and comfort you love. Electricity is the biggest source of carbon emissions. Since 2015, we've been investing in renewable energy like this solar installation in central California while helping our suppliers do the same. And we're excited to announce that starting this year, all Apple Watch manufacturing is powered by 100% clean electricity, Charging is another source of emissions. While it's a small amount per person, across millions of watch wearers, it adds up. So we decided to do something about it. For Series 9, Apple will match 100% of your expected electricity use by investing in renewable energy projects around the world. Finally, we looked at how Apple Watch gets from the factory to you. To cut emissions from transportation, we started by redesigning Series 9 packaging to be 100% fiber-based and more compact. It has a new, smaller shape that lets us ship up to 25% more watches per trip. And more of those trips will be made with low-carbon shipping modes, like ocean-freight, which emits just one-twentieth of shipping by air. Our efforts to reduce emissions from materials, electricity, and transportation resulted in a whopping 78% decrease in the carbon footprint. The small amount of emissions that remain are offset by high-quality credits from projects like forests and wetlands that actively remove carbon from the atmosphere. This last step brings the net carbon footprint of Apple Watch Series 9 down to zero, making it our first-ever carbon neutral product! Any combination of aluminum Series 9 and new Sport Loop is carbon neutral and has been certified by an independent third party. To help you recognize it, you'll see this new logo on the box. We are so excited about this achievement, and it's how we plan to get all Apple products to carbon neutral, by innovating across design, engineering, and operations to steeply reduce emissions before applying high-quality carbon credits. While Apple 2030 is the destination, the journey is important, too. So we looked for additional opportunities to make change. Leather is a popular material for accessories, but it has a significant carbon footprint, especially at Apple's scale. To reduce our impact, we will no longer use leather in any new Apple products, including watch bands, and that starts today. Now, back to Jeff to tell you more.

