# Speaker: Maryam Azimi Hashemi

## Event: Apple Event  — September 12, 2023

> **EN:** This year, we're introducing the next generation of portraits on iPhone! Now, it's even easier to get stunning portraits of your friends and family. Portraits will get richer color and great low light performance, like this one. It's full of vivid color and detail, and it uses a rich depth map to create a beautiful bokeh effect. In this portrait of a very good dog asking for a treat, iPhone caught the perfect moment with zero shutter lag. A split second later, and it just wouldn't be the same. And it's easier to take a portrait, because now you don't have to remember to switch to Portrait mode. Using machine learning, we can detect when there's a person in the frame and capture rich depth information automatically, so you can turn it into a stunning portrait right away, or later on in the Photos app. It even works with dogs and cats, so you can have more portraits in your pets album in iOS 17 automatically. And with the rich depth map, we're introducing Focus and Depth Control for a whole new level of creative control. Take this super-high resolution portrait. Now you can switch the focus from one subject to another after the photo has been taken. It gives you so many more options with your photos, and less to think about in the moment. When it's dark, Night mode is getting better too, like in this photo which was taken outside. It has sharp details and vibrant colors so it beautifully captures the texture of his skin, individual strands of hair, and even the shadows of leaves on his shirt. When lighting is bright or uneven, the latest Smart HDR captures both the sky and your subject with vivid colors and even more true-to-life rendering of skin tones. Look at this colorful selfie shot on the TrueDepth front camera. It uses our new Smart HDR to beautifully capture the deep shades of purple in her shirt and the bright red of the chair behind her. When you're looking at HDR photos in the Photos app, they'll have brighter highlights with richer mid-tones, so you can really see the rich shades of her dress and how the light hits her cheek just the way it was in real life. By combining advanced computational photography with the 48MP Main camera, Ultra Wide camera, and TrueDepth front camera, iPhone 15 makes it easy to take great-looking photos and videos every day. And it's all powered by Apple silicon. Back to Kaiann.

