# Speaker: Mother Nature

## Event: Apple Event  — September 12, 2023

> **EN:** It's a joke. Don't you people make Ted Lasso? That's a different group. Um, we're also phasing out leather in our iPhone cases. What about Brando over there? They phasing you out too? Oh. What's next? - Electricity. - Electricity? Status. Uh, we're--we're operating on 100% clean electricity. What runs on 100% clean electricity? Every Apple office, store, and data center runs on clean electricity, thanks to you and your powerful wind and sun. Mm. And Apple offices are already carbon neutral. This building is carbon neutral? Well, yeah, we do it with a mix of clean energy and eliminating greenhouse emissions. It's kind of like if you were to, uh-- You're seriously explaining carbon neutrality to Mother Nature? Right. No. Sorry. You want to tell me how photosynthesis works too? - Don't. - Um... also, over 300 suppliers have committed to using 100% clean renewable electricity. What's next? Transportation. I'm…proud to report that we're shipping more products by ocean, rather than air, which reduces transportation emissions by 95%. 95%? Not too bad. I'm also happy to report that we're investing in projects around the world that protect the Earth's soil, plants, and trees. [chuckles] Everyone says they're planting trees. We've planted forests. Oh. Hello. - Where? - Paraguay. Brazil. What, are you trying to save the tropical savannah? Yes. And we've also restored mangroves in Colombia. What else? - Grasslands in Kenya. - Why? Our aim is to permanently remove carbon from the atmosphere. - What about your water usage? - We've reduced it. - By how much? - 63 billion gallons. - 63 million? - Billion.

