# Speaker: WORKOUT BUDDY

## Event: Apple Event — September 9

> **EN:** "That's a new record!" "You just walked the longest distance in the walking workout this month." Workouts you complete will also help close your Move ring, contribute to your step count, and you can stay motivated to do even more by earning Awards. In Fitness+ workouts, you can also get metrics like heart rate, calories, and even the Burn Bar to help keep you going. And you can track workouts at the gym including those from developers like Ladder, who can use new APIs to incorporate key metrics into their apps as well. So that's the new fitness experience with AirPods Pro 3. Now, back to Kate. In addition to breakthrough performance across the board, you will also get longer battery life throughout the day. We are moving from six hours on a single charge to eight hours, taking you through that transatlantic flight while listening to music with Active Noise Cancellation. To help our Hearing Aid users, we are thrilled to provide ten hours on a single charge in Transparency. That's four more hours than the previous generation! So that's AirPods Pro 3! Delivering sensational audio performance, including the world's best ANC, an exceptional fit, and innovative fitness capabilities. Whether you've experienced AirPods before, or this is the first time, these AirPods Pro define a new benchmark for the world's most popular headphones. And even with all of these updates, they will still be available for $249. You can pre-order them today, and they will be available September 19th. And now, back to Tim. AirPods Pro 3 are absolutely amazing. They take the audio quality of the most popular headphones in the world to an entirely new level. Next, let's turn to Apple Watch. For millions it's an indispensable daily companion, a fitness coach, message center, mobile wallet and a beautiful timepiece. What I really love about Apple Watch is how it alerts millions of people to potentially serious health issues and helps save so many lives simply by wearing it on your wrist. It provides Fall Detection and Crash Detection, monitors your heart rate, tracks your sleep, is your life line in emergencies and so much more. Let's take a look at the remarkable ways Apple Watch has touched people's lives. [KEYBOARD KEYS TYPING] I'm writing to you regarding my health in relation to my experience with Apple Watch. I just wasn't taking care of myself. I wasn't eating well, terrible schedule. Just like, wasn't sleeping. This is my battle with mental health and how there's always light at the end of the tunnel. I felt I had absolutely nothing left to live for. I just started really slow and it has been nice to see my progress just through fitness and running. Throughout the year I lost over a hundred pounds and I just got into the New York City marathon. It was about five in the morning and my Apple Watch, it started buzzing. My resting heart rate was at 172. I said let me try to sleep this off. Come again, 9:00 a.m., same thing. When they did the X-ray, we found out I had a completely collapsed lung. I needed emergency surgery. It gives me goosebumps almost. And the doctor said, he's like "that Apple Watch just saved your life". I got home and I started to do a jump rope routine. My legs just started to jitter and I hit the ground. Meanwhile my watch is buzzing, so I look at it and it says, "It looks like you're in trouble. Do you need help?" It didn't dawn on me that I was having a stroke. Me and my friend, we were hiking in Japan. On the second day it starts snow storming, and it's just white. I was driving home. I started feeling really off. I started feeling dizzy and that's the last thing I remember. We lost our phones in the snow. We had nothing left. No food, no water. You can't feel your fingers, you can't feel your anything. I don't think I was ready to finish my life there. And what I was wearing was my Apple Watch. We contacted the emergency rescue using the SOS feature. I had a car just crash through the garage. They're upside down in our pool. The next thing I remember was just hearing this very faint voice through my Watch saying, "Help is on the way." "We've got everyone on the way." That helicopter ride was the best feeling I've felt in my life. I've always read those stories about how Apple Watch saved someone's life. That's why I started, to help my mental health. We just completed the first mile. Six miles! I don't know if I can do this. You don't need no medals. One mile to go. Whatever life throws at you, you keep going, you keep pushing and I promise you even in the darkest moments, it will get better. Minutes save lives, you know, seconds save lives. That was my second chance, without this Watch, I probably would not have had. I felt like my Apple Watch had my back. Oh my God, it had my back, it had my front, it had my sides. It had my head. It had my past, my future. Yes, it had everything. It's truly incredible to see how Apple Watch can help people in so many different ways. Its indispensable nature makes Apple Watch the most popular watch in the world. And each year we make Apple Watch even more essential. To tell you what's new, here's Stan. Today, we're making the best watch in the world even better. Introducing Apple Watch Series 11. It's our thinnest and most comfortable watch, and it's even more durable! It starts with our proprietary Ion-X glass, which is the toughest in the industry. We then apply a custom Apple-designed ceramic coating that bonds to the glass at an atomic level, making it significantly harder. So now it's two times more scratch resistant, perfect for everyday use and the challenges of an active lifestyle. With a cellular connection, Apple Watch makes it easy to stay connected when your phone isn't with you. Series 11 now includes the latest cellular technology, 5G! The new 5G modem and antenna architecture improve performance and provide even more coverage. Plus, it's more power efficient, using less battery for cellular. At launch, many of our biggest carrier partners will support 5G on Apple Watch. Series 11 comes with watchOS 26, bringing new features and intelligence, as well as an elegant new design. The new watch face Flow uses Liquid Glass numerals to beautifully refract swirls of color. And Exactograph, a modern reinterpretation of a traditional regulator clock that separates the hours, minutes, and seconds for precise timekeeping. Series 11 also comes with a comprehensive set of health features, including heart, hearing, cycle tracking, mental health, and more. And we're taking that innovation in health even further adding new features in heart health and sleep. Here's Sumbul to tell you more. Heart health has always been integral to Apple Watch. This year, we're thrilled to share our next advancement focused on a problem of massive proportions, high blood pressure, also known as hypertension. It impacts approximately 1.3 billion adults worldwide. The American Heart Association has referred to it as a silent killer because it often occurs with no obvious symptoms. To help, we've developed a groundbreaking feature that can alert you to possible hypertension, just by wearing your Apple Watch. Using data from the optical heart sensor, the algorithm looks for chronic high blood pressure by analyzing how your blood vessels respond to beats of the heart. The algorithm works in the background, reviewing data over 30-day periods, and will notify you if it identifies patterns of hypertension. We developed this novel approach using advanced machine learning methods and a series of studies totaling over 100,000 participants. While it won't detect all instances of hypertension, we expect to notify over one million people with undiagnosed hypertension in the first year alone, empowering them to make lifesaving behavioral changes or start treatment. We expect clearance from the FDA and other regulators soon, with availability in 150 countries and regions this month, including the U.S. and Europe. Now, let's talk about sleep, which is critical to daily restoration of your body and mind, and is also an important factor in your longevity. Apple Watch already helps you meet your sleep goals, gain insights, and discover possible sleep apnea. Now we'll help you understand the quality of your sleep and how to make it more restorative with sleep score. The quality of your sleep is influenced by several factors, such as sleep duration, bedtime consistency, how often you wake up, and the time spent in each sleep stage. Sleep score analyzes these factors each night and provides a classification, plus a score. You'll see how the score is calculated, so it's easy to understand what you can do to improve. Guidance from leading experts, including the World Sleep Society, underpins the scoring approach. And over five million nights of sleep data from the Apple Heart and Movement Study were used to develop and test the scoring algorithms. You can see details in the Sleep app and you can track it over time in the Health app on iPhone. Now, back to Stan. Hypertension notifications, the new sleep score, and the many other incredible health, fitness, and safety features will make a huge impact on users' lives. To support all of these amazing capabilities, we also re-engineered the battery. Series 11 now gets up to 24 hours of battery life, so you can wear it all day and all night. Series 11 comes in Jet Black, Silver, Rose Gold and a beautiful new Space Gray all made from 100% recycled aluminum. There are also gorgeous polished cases made from 100% recycled titanium in Natural, Gold and Slate. This fall brings a beautiful new palette of colors across the entire band lineup. Including the Nike Sport Band and Nike Sport Loop, which now has reflective yarn woven throughout the fabric. And a new Hermès jacquard knit band with matching watch face that plays whimsical animations set in their iconic Paris store. There is also an elegant, narrow Grand H and new colors across the collection. And that's Apple Watch Series 11. With better durability, 5G, 24-hour battery life, and our most comprehensive set of innovative health features, now including hypertension notifications and sleep score. I'll turn it over to Amanda to tell you about the next version of Apple Watch SE. Apple Watch SE delivers the core features and benefits of Apple Watch at the most affordable price. For many people, it's the perfect way to get started. This year we are delighted to introduce Apple Watch SE 3. First, it gets our most powerful Apple Watch chip, S10, which enables even more features. It brings an Always-On display to SE for the first time! Now you can read the time and see the watch face without waking the display. With S10, SE also supports gestures like double tap and wrist flick so you can easily control your watch with just one hand. SE already has important features like heart rate notifications, Fall Detection and Crash Detection. SE 3 adds even more, like wrist temperature sensing which enables retrospective ovulation estimates. And gives you richer insights in the Vitals app, so you can be notified when something might be off. SE also gets sleep apnea notifications and sleep score. Finally, for those moments when you don't have your AirPods handy, you'll be able to play media, like music or podcasts, directly through the speaker. Even with all these great new features, the power-efficient S10 chip enables SE to still get all-day, 18-hour battery life. And for the first time, SE supports fast charging, making it easy to quickly top off the battery. It now charges up to two times faster than the previous model. In just 15 minutes of charging, it can add up to eight hours of normal use. SE 3 comes in a popular Starlight and Midnight, made with 100% recycled aluminum. That's Apple Watch SE 3, featuring a new Always-On display, 5G, temperature sensing, sleep apnea notifications, and sleep score. And with the powerful features of watchOS 26, this update takes SE to a whole new level. Not only did we update SE and Series this year, we are also introducing an all-new version of Apple Watch Ultra. Here's Eugene to tell you all about it. Apple Watch Ultra is the ultimate sports and adventure watch. Ultra seamlessly transitions from a sports watch that helps you train for a race, to a smartwatch that can pay for coffee, to a health monitor that checks your vitals. This year we're taking it further, with Apple Watch Ultra 3. Let's start with the display. Whether you're checking your pace in the sun or depth underwater, readability is crucial. So Ultra 3 gets a new display that uses our most advanced technology with wide-angle OLEDs and LTPO3. The display is now brighter when viewed at an angle. And thinner borders allowed us to grow the screen area without changing the case size. The result is the largest display ever in an Apple Watch. It can also refresh more frequently in Always-On mode without affecting battery life. Which means you can now see ticking seconds in watch faces including a new face, Waypoint, that dynamically shows points of interests in relation to you. For athletes, the Workout app makes it faster to customize views and use Workout Buddy, a generative voice with Apple Intelligence that delivers personalized feedback to motivate you during your workout. And Ultra keeps you connected no matter where you are with 5G cellular for more coverage and a faster, stronger connection. This year, we're also making a huge leap forward with satellite connectivity! Now when you journey off the grid, you can stay safe and in touch with loved ones using satellite in available countries and regions. Just a few taps gathers critical information and can get you the emergency help you need. You can also send messages and share your location with Find My. To enable satellite connectivity in a device as small as Ultra, we redesigned the radio and antenna to double the signal strength, allowing you to communicate with satellites 800 miles above Earth! Emergency SOS via satellite is included with Ultra 3. And along with Messages and Find My, you can now stay connected when you're backcountry skiing, trail running, or wherever you go. Ultra 3 also includes a larger battery and now gets up to 42 hours of battery life. Ultra will be available in Black and Natural Titanium made using an innovative 3D printing process that uses 100% recycled titanium and just half the raw material as previous generations. There are also great new colors across our Ultra bands, and the Trail Loop now includes reflective yarn woven along the edges. The Hermès collection also gets a new band in rubber, perfect for an active lifestyle. And new colors for the En Mer band. That's Apple Watch Ultra 3 now featuring the largest display and longest battery life of any Apple Watch, with satellite communications, 5G, hypertension notifications, and watchOS 26. It's a big update to our most advanced Apple Watch. Now back to Stan. So that's our all-new lineup of Apple Watch. From the new Ultra 3 with satellite connectivity, to Series 11 with new, powerful health features and 24-hour battery life, and SE 3 with a massive update in performance and features. There's a watch that's right for everyone. Apple Watch SE 3 starts at just $249. Apple Watch Series 11 starts at $399. And Apple Watch Ultra 3 starts at $799. You can pre-order all the new models today, and they will be available starting September 19. Now back to Tim. The new Apple Watch lineup and the incredible features they bring make Apple Watch even more useful and essential. The capabilities introduced today will not only help users stay connected, they'll deliver even more health and fitness benefits seamlessly and automatically. Now, let's talk about iPhone. From the moment iPhone was introduced, it reinvented the phone and set a new standard for the entire industry. Since then, we've continued to push boundaries with design, innovation, and experiences that have changed all of our daily lives. Today, we're raising the bar once again, with an all-new iPhone lineup that's unlike anything we've ever created. We're introducing four new models, each designed to serve the unique needs of our users. And it starts now. iPhone 17 is incredible. Here's Kaiann to tell you more. iPhone 17 has a beautiful, more durable design and comes in five gorgeous colors: Lavender, Mist Blue, Black, White, and Sage. The new design has a larger, 6.3-inch display with thinner borders, so you can see more and do more. And the display of iPhone 17 features ProMotion, just like our Pro models, with an adaptive refresh rate up to 120Hz, designed to dynamically respond to your content for a smooth and power-efficient experience. When you're not using your iPhone, the Always-On display efficiently adjusts down to 1Hz. And the Lock Screen is even more useful with Live Activities and widgets. When outside, iPhone 17 is more readable with 3000 nits peak outdoor brightness, our highest ever on iPhone. This makes the display on iPhone 17 our best yet. We build iPhone to be durable, because we know how much people count on it. Our industry-leading Ceramic Shield continues to be tougher than any smartphone glass or glass-ceramic. iPhone 17 introduces Ceramic Shield 2. Now, it has three times better scratch resistance. It's made possible by a new Apple-designed coating, bonded to Ceramic Shield at the atomic level. This specialized ceramic layer adds hardness to protect from everyday scratches. And the display quality gets better with a seven-layer anti-reflective coating that reduces glare and distractions, making iPhone more readable in bright lighting conditions, both indoors and outdoors. Powering iPhone 17 is the latest generation of Apple silicon, A19. Built with the most advanced 3nm technology, A19 is faster and more efficient. It has an updated display engine to power ProMotion and the Always-On display. It has an improved Neural Engine, tailored to power incredible on-device performance for Apple Intelligence. Combined with increased memory bandwidth of A19, on-device generative and large language models will run even faster. A19 has a 6-core CPU with our latest performance and efficiency cores to make iPhone 17 responsive while enabling great battery life. The next-generation 5-core GPU provides a big step up for graphics-intensive tasks. If you're upgrading from an older iPhone, you'll experience a huge boost in speed. The advancements in Apple silicon, hardware, and software make for incredible gaming on iPhone. Titles like Destiny: Rising by NetEase are even better with ProMotion's adaptive refresh rate up to 120Hz. A19's advanced CPU, GPU, and updated neural engine also power Apple Intelligence. There are many features available today on iPhone that empower you to create, communicate, and be more productive. With iOS 26, we are adding even more. With visual intelligence, you can search, take action, and ask questions about what's on your iPhone screen. Live Translation helps you communicate across languages in Phone, FaceTime, and Messages. And just like all of Apple Intelligence, these features are designed to protect your privacy at every step. The efficiency of Apple silicon contributes to all-day battery life on iPhone 17. And with ProMotion, iPhone 17 gets up to eight more hours of video playback compared to iPhone 16. When you are out of battery, faster wired charging gets you up to 50% charge in 20 minutes. So just 10 minutes of charge gives you up to eight hours of video playback. It's also a big year for the iPhone cameras. To show you what's new, here's Megan. iPhone 17 has a fantastic 48MP Dual Fusion camera system. Our Fusion technology combines the capabilities of two cameras in one, with a main camera and an optical-quality 2x telephoto, each with dedicated image pipelines. The main camera delivers an impressive 48MPs of resolution, perfect for capturing fine details, like in this vibrant shoreline photo. And for everyday photos, the 24MP default resolution provides the perfect balance, offering excellent image quality, rich detail, and a smaller file size that's ideal for saving and sharing. At 2x, the optical-quality telephoto gets you closer to the subject, making it great for capturing quiet moments like this. And now, iPhone 17 gets a new 48MP Fusion Ultra Wide camera. It has four times the resolution compared to iPhone 16. So you get even more detail in a broad range of photos, from exceptional macros to expressive scenes in unique angles. You're going to love how easy it is to take amazing photos and videos. Now, let's flip over to the front camera. It's how we take self-portraits, record memories, express our creativity and point of view. And iPhone is with you to capture all these moments. Globally iPhone users took over 500 billion selfies last year. That's more than any other smartphone! So this year, we are thrilled to introduce our phenomenal new Center Stage front camera. It gives you more pixels, more flexible ways to frame your shot, and incredible stabilization. This new front camera has our widest field of view. It is enabled by our largest front camera sensor, almost twice the size of our previous front camera. And for the first time, the sensor is square. Traditional sensors have a 4:3 aspect ratio, which limits framing based on the orientation of the phone. The Center Stage camera's unique shape and larger size allow for high-resolution photos and videos in any orientation, giving you four different compositions. Which means you don't have to rotate your iPhone to take a landscape selfie anymore! Now, you can tap to expand the field of view and rotate from portrait to landscape, giving you more flexible ways to frame your photos and videos. When friends join the shot, the all-new Center Stage for photos uses AI to automatically expand the field of view, and can even rotate the frame for you. This makes it even easier to take a share-worthy photo. Holding iPhone vertically, you get a more secure grip, and you get better landscape selfies because your eyes are more centered in the shot. And photos have even more detail with higher resolution up to 18MP. The extra pixels in the square sensor level up video, too. All your on-the-move selfie videos will be ultra-stabilized, using some of the same technology that enables Action Mode on the rear cameras. You can also be more present FaceTiming with friends and family, because Center Stage for video calls is optimized for handheld video to keep your face perfectly positioned in-frame. The Center Stage front camera unlocks next-level experiences unique to iPhone. Now, back to Kaiann. iPhone 17 has impressive camera upgrades with the 48MP Dual Fusion camera system and the Center Stage front camera. We can't wait to see all the ways you'll capture everyday moments, and use it for more creative possibilities. And that completes the fantastic iPhone 17! Powered by the A19 chip, it has a bigger and brighter 6.3" display with ProMotion and Ceramic Shield 2. iPhone 17 also comes with the latest iOS features, Apple Intelligence, great all-day battery life, and starts with 256GB of storage. iPhone 17 is packed with features you will enjoy every day. And now, back to Tim. iPhone 17 is fantastic. And that's just the beginning of what we're introducing today. With the advancements made possible by Apple silicon, we have been able to push the limits of iPhone design and innovation. And that breakthrough has led to something truly amazing. Introducing the newest member of the iPhone family. Our intention was to make an iPhone that feels like a piece of the future. Powerful, yet so thin and light, it seems to disappear in your hands. The core structure is a radically thin frame made from Grade 5 spacecraft titanium that combines strength, lightness and durability. To bring elegance to such a tough material, we polished the frame to a pristine mirrored finish, crafted in a palette of colors that evoke lightness. For the first time, Ceramic Shield encloses the titanium frame on both sides. A high temperature process creates nanocrystals that significantly improve toughness. It's our most durable design yet. To make something this thin, we had to redesign our iconic plateau. Precisely machined from both sides, it's sculpted to fit our custom-made cameras, chips, and key system modules. We then dedicated every last bit of remaining space to a high-density battery, resulting in remarkable battery life. The impossibly thin profile allowed us to stretch the display without adding any extra bulk. It's the thinnest iPhone ever with the power of Pro inside. A paradox you have to hold to believe. This is iPhone Air. iPhone Air is unlike anything you've experienced before. To tell you all about it, here's John. We are thrilled to introduce the impossibly thin iPhone Air. At 5.6 mm, it's the thinnest iPhone we've ever made. And it's also exceptionally light. It's unlike anything you've ever held before and it's packed with our most advanced features. The gorgeous 6.5-inch display is our best, featuring ProMotion up to 120Hz, Always-On, and 3000 nits of peak brightness. And it's protected by the new Ceramic Shield 2, with improved anti-reflection and three times better scratch resistance than our previous Ceramic Shield. We are also bringing Ceramic Shield to the back of iPhone for the very first time. It is four times more resistant to cracks than our previous back glass. It also protects the new plateau that now houses major internal components at the top of iPhone. The inside was precision-milled for more space, creating room for the rear camera, front camera, speaker, and even Apple silicon. The frame of iPhone Air is made of titanium. This is an essential material choice for such a thin design, and enables it to exceed our stringent bend strength requirements. All together, these materials make iPhone Air more durable than any previous iPhone. We are also using 80% recycled titanium, the highest ever for iPhone. There are four stunning colors to choose from: Space Black, Cloud White, Light Gold, and Sky Blue. iPhone Air has such an unique design, and it wouldn't have been possible without Apple silicon. To tell you more, here is Tim Millet. With Apple silicon, our focus is to maximize performance and efficiency so we can drive innovation in our products. iPhone Air demands the most efficient high-performance chip we've ever built for iPhone. And that is A19 Pro. With the CPU, we continue to push on single-threaded performance and efficiency. Our performance cores gain improvements to front-end bandwidth and branch prediction, making A19 Pro the fastest CPU in any smartphone. And we increased the last-level cache of our efficiency cores by 50%, specifically aimed at improving energy efficiency for the things you do every day. The result is a CPU that's even faster and more efficient than A19. Our GPU also gets a big upgrade in A19 Pro. We are introducing the second generation of our Dynamic Caching architecture, we doubled our 16-bit floating-point math rates, and we built a new unified image compression. And that's not all, the other major update to our GPU is around AI. We have been at the forefront of AI acceleration since we first introduced the Neural Engine eight years ago. We later brought machine learning accelerators to our CPUs. And while our GPU has always been great at AI compute, we're now taking a big step forward building Neural Accelerators into each GPU core, delivering up to three times the peak GPU compute of A18 Pro. This is MacBook Pro levels of compute in an iPhone, perfect for GPU-intensive AI workloads. Another area of innovation for Apple silicon is wireless connectivity. For years, we have been building Wi-Fi and Bluetooth chips for Apple Watch and AirPods. And now this is coming to iPhone for the first time. Introducing N1, our Apple-designed chip, which enables the latest wireless technologies, Wi-Fi 7, Bluetooth 6, and Thread, while improving overall performance and reliability in key areas like Personal Hotspot and AirDrop. Finally, a critical innovation that makes iPhone Air possible is our Apple-designed modem. We introduced C1 last spring and in just six months, we already have a new version that is faster and more efficient. The new C1X is up to two times faster when compared to C1. It is even faster than the modem in iPhone 16 Pro and uses 30% less energy overall, making it the most power-efficient modem in an iPhone. In fact, iPhone Air is the most power-efficient iPhone we have ever made. We started building Apple silicon to enable us to create better products, and iPhone Air is the realization of that goal. Back to John. The camera system in iPhone Air delivers the most popular features that make iPhone the world's favorite camera. What might appear to be a single camera is actually our new powerful 48MP Fusion camera system, which works like multiple advanced cameras in one. You can shoot breathtaking 48MP photos, capturing even the small trees across the valley and the deep color range on the stone wall. And the 2x Telephoto has an updated Photonic Engine, which now uses machine learning to capture the lifelike details of her hair, and the vibrant color of her jacket. This Fusion camera excels in low light, thanks to its large sensor, fast aperture, and our Apple-designed sensor-shift optical image stabilization. The large sensor enables a second optical-quality lens, the integrated 2x Telephoto, delivering stunning photos and 4K videos. With the power of computational photography, this incredible system enables the latest signature features of the iPhone camera, like 24MP default photos, capturing here the fine texture of her dress and even nuances in the shadows, next-generation portraits with Focus control, which works on any subject, like these delicious waffles, or the latest generation of Photographic Styles, which features the new Bright style, that brightens skin tones and applies a pop of vibrance across the image. And the custom 28 and 35 mm lenses give users more flexibility to frame their shot, for a total of four lenses in your pocket. On the front, we have our new and innovative Center Stage camera. You don't need to rotate your phone anymore to take a landscape selfie. Center Stage for photos perfectly frames everyone in either orientation. And we are introducing a brand-new feature that combines the front and rear cameras. Dual Capture video is perfect to record yourself while at a concert, or your reaction to the game's big play. The new stabilization from the Center Stage front camera keeps you in frame, while the Fusion Main camera on the back gives you flexibility to zoom in to the story you want to tell. And there is so much more to these camera systems, like Action Mode, Audio Mix, 4K Dolby Vision, and all the features of Camera Control. There is another important innovation that helped bring iPhone Air to life, and that is eSIM. We pioneered eSIM years ago and now it's an industry standard. And compared to that decades-old piece of plastic, eSIM is so much easier to use, has better security, and saves precious space inside iPhone. eSIM is also great for travel. Carriers have many affordable and convenient roaming plans. If you want to use a local plan, it's easy to set up an eSIM from the comfort of your home or while on the road, there is no need to change physical SIM cards, and you can have data from the moment you land at your destination. eSIM coverage is available globally, thanks to extensive planning and testing with our carrier partners. Because of this, we designed iPhone Air to be eSIM-only worldwide, maximizing internal space for battery size. So now let's talk about battery life. We innovated in both hardware and software to deliver great battery life for iPhone Air, powered by our most advanced Apple silicon, built for efficiency. The internal design has been completely rethought to maximize battery space. And iOS 26 introduces new power-saving features, like Adaptive Power Mode, which learns your usage patterns and anticipates when you might run low on battery, intelligently conserving power to help you make it through the day. Now despite being much thinner and lighter, iPhone Air still gets amazing all-day battery life. This is incredible, all-day battery life in our thinnest iPhone ever. We're also introducing a new ecosystem of accessories to complement this unique iPhone design. Thanks to the incredible thinness of iPhone Air, we were able to create a new low-profile MagSafe Battery that when attached feels great in your hand and is slim enough to drop right in your pocket. When using them together, iPhone Air has up to 40 hours of video playback! That's enough to binge on all 40 episodes of For All Mankind, making it a great accessory for long trips. We also designed two custom cases for iPhone Air. The first is a translucent case with a back panel that is less than 1 mm thin, designed to provide great drop protection, available in Frost and Shadow. The second is a lightweight bumper, made from a reinforced polycarbonate. It perfectly frames iPhone Air, and is available in four matching colors. Both options can be paired with the new Crossbody Strap. It's lined with thin, flexible magnets, designed to hold the straps together and allow you to easily adjust the length. So that's the incredibly advanced iPhone Air. Our thinnest iPhone ever, with pro performance inside. Incredible durability, amazing camera systems on both front and back, and our latest Apple-designed chips built for efficiency to deliver fantastic all-day battery life. All this in a new design that frankly seems impossible, and we can't wait for you to experience it. Now, back to Tim. iPhone Air is a total game changer. It's designed for customers who want pro performance in an unbelievably thin and light design. And with iPhone Air in the lineup, we were able to take our two Pro models to an entirely new level of performance and capabilities. So our goal was simple - to build the most Pro iPhone yet, by a lot. We started from scratch and rebuilt it from the inside out. Introducing iPhone 17 Pro. We set out to redefine the Pro, driven by performance, durability, and capability. So, we started again. From solid aluminum. With a custom extrusion that's heated and forged, then precision machined in thousands of finer and finer passes. Travelling through successive anodizing baths, we built the colorful and durable oxide outer layer to create our first iPhone unibody. A light, thermally efficient and rigid enclosure. Designed for the biggest battery in any iPhone. The full-width camera plateau elegantly integrates the antenna and encases a new Pro camera system with breathtaking range and resolution. Core to the unmatched performance is the most powerful chip made for iPhone. But this much power generates heat, so we designed a completely new thermal system to dissipate heat rapidly throughout the aluminum unibody. Ceramic Shield, our thoughest glass ceramic formulation, now protects the back as well as the front designed to resist whatever life throws at it. The new definition of Pro. iPhone 17 Pro. iPhone 17 Pro is by far the most advanced iPhone ever, featuring a striking new design and powerful capabilities. To tell you more, here's Joz. The iPhone 17 Pro design is more than just a fresh, bold new look. It also delivers a dramatic leap in performance that makes this the most powerful iPhone ever, by far. And it starts with an entirely new approach to thermal management, which is critical to system performance. We meticulously manage power and surface temperature to make sure iPhone 17 Pro and iPhone 17 Pro Max always deliver exceptional performance, while remaining comfortable to hold. At the heart of the new thermal management system is an Apple-designed vapor chamber. De-ionized water is sealed inside the vapor chamber, which is laser-welded into the aluminum chassis. This efficiently moves heat away from the components, allowing for higher sustained performance. The vapor chamber directs heat strategically through the system, where it is efficiently dissipated and released by the forged aluminum unibody. We used an Apple-designed aerospace-grade aluminum alloy for its superior thermal conductivity, which is 20 times greater than the titanium we previously used. This proprietary alloy is also significantly lighter. As a result, it was the perfect choice for achieving this new design while delivering outstanding thermal performance in a product that remains comfortable to hold and use. And, the aluminum is anodized in three stunning finishes, a Refined Silver, an elegant Deep Blue, and the bold and eye-catching Cosmic Orange. A key element of the design is the forged plateau, which efficiently dissipates heat and creates extra space for components, making room for a larger battery. And by integrating the antennas around the perimeter of the plateau, it helped create the highest-performing antenna system ever in an iPhone. So, every aspect of this design is engineered to maximize performance and unlock the full potential of the extraordinary A19 Pro. It features a powerful 6-core CPU, and a high-performance 6-core GPU, with a Neural Accelerator built into each GPU core. It also features a larger cache than A18 Pro and even more memory. When A19 Pro is paired with our best-ever thermal design, iPhone 17 Pro is able to deliver up to a whopping 40% better sustained performance than iPhone 16 Pro, making it ideal for intensive tasks like gaming, photo and video editing, using the latest Apple Intelligence features, and running local large language models. So you can play visually demanding games like Arknights: Endfield with hardware-accelerated ray tracing at higher frame rates, hour after hour. This new design not only delivers exceptional performance but also builds upon iPhone's industry-leading durability. The glass on the back is even better protected by the aluminum unibody design. In fact, it is no longer glass at all. Like iPhone Air, we're now using Ceramic Shield for the back. This provides exceptional strength. The Ceramic Shield back is four times more resistant to cracks than our previous back glass, and in a thinner profile, creating more room for the battery. On the front, the gorgeous display is protected by the incredible new Ceramic Shield 2, providing industry-leading protection with three times better scratch resistance than the previous generation. And the new seven-layer anti-reflective coating reduces glare and distractions, making the display more readable in bright lighting conditions, both indoors and outdoors. All of these design decisions made it possible to grow the battery significantly, resulting in the iPhone 17 Pro Max achieving the best battery life ever in an iPhone. For our eSIM-only models, we took advantage of the space formerly occupied by the physical SIM to grow the battery even more to provide an additional two hours of video playback per charge, enabling up to an astonishing 39 hours of video playback. Next, let's talk about the Pro camera system, which combines incredible hardware with advanced computational photography to capture beautiful photos and videos. The iPhone 17 Pro camera system gets even more powerful and versatile. To tell you about it, here's Patrick. iPhone 17 Pro and iPhone 17 Pro Max feature the best camera system we've ever made, with high-resolution sensors on each camera! On the front, we have the 18MP Center Stage camera, our innovative new front camera system. The wider field of view and higher resolution are particularly useful when recording yourself speaking directly to camera, making our Pro models the absolute best choice for content creators. On the rear, all three cameras are 48MP for the very first time. And not only are the sensors 48MP, but all three are Fusion cameras. We have updated the imaging pipelines for better resolving power. That means you'll get more detailed images at every zoom range and light level. The extended plateau on iPhone 17 Pro is also designed to house an all-new 48MP Fusion Telephoto camera. It offers a 4x zoom at 100 mm, and a far-reaching 8x zoom at 200 mm, our longest optical-quality zoom ever! iPhone 17 Pro has our next generation tetraprism telephoto, with an improved 3D sensor shift image stabilization system. This was necessary because it features a sensor that is 56% larger than the previous generation, which improves sharpness in bright light, and provides better detail across all light levels. The new telephoto camera provides a longer reach and gives more creative choice. The 4x at 100 mm is a classic lens for portraiture, providing a flattering perspective, and new options for framing. It's perfect for nature photography, freezing motion, and capturing stunning detail. With the additional 8x 200 mm lens, we can get closer still, with a beatiful depth of field. And, like the 2x Telephoto, the 8x also utilizes the updated Photonic Engine, which integrates machine learning into even more parts of the image pipeline. We apply deep learning models for demosaicing, which constructs the image from the raw output using the quad-pixels in the imaging sensors. This preserves natural detail, reduces noise, and results in significantly improved color accuracy, especially in low light. And now, the digital zoom is up to 40x for photos! With the new 48MP Fusion Telephoto camera system, iPhone 17 Pro has the equivalent of eight Pro lenses in your pocket! We put iPhone 17 Pro in the hands of some world-class photographers. Let's take a look at some of the fantastic images they captured. Those photos are absolutely beautiful! Now, let's talk about video. Our Pro models already lead the way in smartphone video. To match our quality, format support, and seamless integration in professional workflows, you'd have to look to dedicated pro camera systems. No other smartphone comes close. We're even filming this event with iPhone 17 Pro. How cool is that? Amazing Pro features like Dolby Vision HDR, 4K120, ProRes Log, and support for ACES have been loved by filmmakers, who also love how iPhone allows them to be closer to their subjects, more intimate, more nimble, and more flexible. This year, we're bringing some of our most requested Pro video features, allowing iPhone to integrate even more seamlessly into the largest, and smallest, of productions. We're adding support for ProRes RAW capture, which is the industry-leading Apple-developed video codec that records all of the information captured by the camera's sensor to provide unparalleled flexibility in post-production. It is ideal for high dynamic range video, and since we introduced it, it has become the industry standard for productions requiring the highest level of control and quality. ProRes RAW capture is supported by Final Cut Camera and Blackmagic Camera, and APIs are available for other developers. We're also adding support for Genlock, which enables super precise video synchronization. It is particularly useful for content creators and streamers. Whether using multiple cameras or onscreen graphics, Genlock allows for accurate and professional-looking transitions without hours of manual frame-by-frame alignment. When using an array of cameras, Genlock enables advanced filmmaking tools and techniques like time-splicing, or "bullet time" which allows filmmakers to change the audience's perspective while freezing time. Genlock is supported via the new Blackmagic Camera ProDock, and we have APIs available for others as well. We're thrilled to bring these advanced filmmaking tools to iPhone, making them more affordable and approachable. iPhone 17 Pro truly sets a new standard. And to complete the experience, we've also designed a range of new accessories. We're introducing our TechWoven Case, with a new, innovative material. This woven textile is crafted with a technical process that uses multiple yarn colors to create a sophisticated look, while a protective coating provides resistance to scratches and stains. We also have clear cases, as well as a great selection of colors in silicone. All of our cases feature a new button design that feels even better and more precise than before! The beautiful and functional Crossbody Strap that you saw with iPhone Air is designed to pair with TechWoven Cases for iPhone 17 Pro and 17 Pro Max, as well as Silicone Cases for all iPhone 17 models. So that's iPhone 17 Pro! By far the most powerful and versatile iPhone we've ever made. This is a huge upgrade, featuring a stunning design and powered by A19 Pro for our best performance ever. It also delivers an enormous leap in battery life. All 48MP Fusion cameras on the back and 8x zoom, along with our innovative Center Stage camera on the front. Plus, it supports the latest features in iOS 26, Apple Intelligence, and so much more. Let's see the iPhone 17 Pro in action.
> **ZH:** 它会一路给你满满激励 "新纪录诞生了" "你刚刚在本月步行训练中走出了最远成绩" 耳机跟测的训练完成后 数据也能计入活动圆环 步数也能加在一起 还能赢得奖章 激励自己冲击更多目标 在 Fitness+ 体能训练中 你可以查看各种运动指标 比如心率、卡路里，甚至是燃脂进度条 给自己加油鼓劲 在健身房锻炼时 也能跟测由 Ladder 等开发者 打造的体能训练项目 他们可利用新的 API 将重要指标整合到自己的 app 中 以上就是 AirPods Pro 3 带来的 全新健身体验 现在，交还给 Kate 除了性能上的全面突破 AirPods Pro 3 的电池续航也更持久 充满一次电 主动降噪模式下的聆听时间 从 6 小时增加到 8 小时 长途飞行也能一路畅听音乐 我们也考虑到有助听需求的用户 通透模式下，单次充电能用 10 小时 这比上一代整整多出了 4 个小时 这就是 AirPods Pro 3 无与伦比的音频表现 全球顶尖的主动降噪功能 出色的佩戴贴合度 创新的健身功能 无论你已经体验过 AirPods 的美妙 还是初次认识它 这款 AirPods Pro 都代表着 全球最受欢迎耳机的新高度 尽管满载更新，售价依然是 $249 今日起接受预购，9 月 19 日正式发售 现在，交还给 Tim AirPods Pro 3 绝对超乎你的想象 这款备受全球欢迎的耳机 音质已升上全新境界 下面轮到 Apple Watch 了 它是数百万用户日常必备的好搭档 集健身教练、信息中心、移动钱包 和高颜值腕表于一身 而我最欣赏 Apple Watch 的地方 是它为数百万人提供警示 从而避免潜在的严重健康问题 真的是很多人的救星 你只要简简单单，把它戴在手腕上就行 它具备众多功能，有摔倒检测和车祸检测 还能监测心率，跟测睡眠 在危急关头 更是一条靠得住的生命线 来看看 Apple Watch 如何 以与众不同的方式触动人们的生活 [键盘敲击声] 你好 Apple Cook 先生 你好，Tim 见信好 我名叫 Derick Gant 我是 Jessie Malone 我是个大学生 我的工作是消防员 我住在深圳 俄亥俄州托莱多 日本东京 来信是因为我的健康状况 已经与 Apple Watch 息息相关 我以前对自己不太上心 吃得不健康，生活不规律 也不好好睡觉 这是我与心理健康问题抗争的经历 也是一个如何在黑暗中寻找出口的故事 我曾经失去生活的希望 一开始，我进展非常慢 但感觉越来越好 通过健身和跑步 能明显看到自己有了进步 这一年我减掉了一百多磅 还参加了纽约马拉松 当时大概是清晨五点 Apple Watch 突然响了起来 我的静息心率居然飙到了 172 我想着睡一会就没事了 谁知上午 9 点又犯了 去做了 X 光，发现有一侧肺部完全塌陷 必须紧急手术 吓得我鸡皮疙瘩都起来了 医生是这么说的 "是你的 Apple Watch 救了你" 我到家，像平时一样练跳绳 突然两腿发抖，摔倒在地 我的手表也同时响了起来 我看了一眼，上面显示 "你似乎遇到了麻烦，需要帮助吗？" 当时我根本不知道自己是中风了 那时，我和朋友在日本徒步 才第二天，就开始下暴雪 到处白茫茫一片 我在开车回家路上，突然感觉很不对劲 头晕目眩，然后就什么都不记得了 大雪中，我们弄丢了手机 没有食物，没有水，什么都没有 手指冻僵了，意识也开始模糊 但我不想在那里倒下 幸好我还戴着 Apple Watch 通过 SOS 功能 我们联系上了紧急救援 一辆车直接撞穿车库，一头栽进我家的泳池 再醒过来的时候 我听到手表发出微弱的声音 "救援马上就到" 那次直升机救援 是我一生中最感动的经历 我经常看到一些报道 说 Apple Watch 在紧要关头施以援手 这让我也开始关注起自己的心理健康 一英里完成了 六英里了 不确定自己还行不行了 奖不奖的根本不重要 还剩一英里 不管生活怎么对你，冲就行了 不要放弃，相信我 就算在至暗时刻，也会迎来转机 在危急时刻，每分每秒都很关键 是 Apple Watch 给了我第二次机会 如果没这块表，我无法想象会怎样 我觉得 Apple Watch 一直守护着我 简直方方面面都能守护到 从头到脚，过去将来 没错，就全靠它了 真有点难以置信 Apple Watch 不但能提供帮助 而且还有那么多不同的方式 Apple Watch 无可替代的特性 让它成为全世界最受欢迎的手表 而我们年复一年的更新 使 Apple Watch 越来越不可或缺 下面请 Stan 来分享新的亮点 这款风靡全球的手表 今天将更上一层 Apple Watch Series 11 来了 这是我们最薄、最舒适的表款 耐用性也大大加强 首先是我们专有的 Ion-X 玻璃 这是业界最坚固的玻璃材质 我们还在表面覆上了 Apple 设计的特制陶瓷涂层 从原子层面与玻璃接合 让硬度显著提升 现在，抗刮划能力高达两倍 非常适合日常使用 应对快节奏生活的种种挑战也没问题 有了带蜂窝网络功能的 Apple Watch 即使 iPhone 不在身边 也能轻松保持联系 现在 Series 11 具备最新的 蜂窝网络技术 5G 全新的 5G 调制解调器与天线架构 性能更好，覆盖也更广 而且还更节能 使用蜂窝网络时耗电更少 到发售时，我们主要的运营商合作伙伴 都将支持 Apple Watch 的 5G 功能 watchOS 26 也随 Series 11 而来 带来一系列新功能和智能技术 还有优雅的新设计 全新"流动"表盘 呈现 Liquid Glass 的数字设计 折射出优美的色彩漩涡 还有"精准时图"表盘 将传统时钟以现代方式重新诠释 时、分、秒被分开显示 以实现精准计时 Series 11 还自带全方位的健康功能 包括心脏、听力、经期跟踪、心理健康等等 我们将健康方面的创新功能继续推陈出新 心脏健康与睡眠都有新功能加入 请 Sumbul 来展开说说 心脏健康功能 一直是 Apple Watch 的重点 今年又有一项新突破，让我们倍感兴奋 它聚焦一个影响范围极广的健康问题 那就是高血压 高血压影响着全球约 13 亿成年人 美国心脏协会称之为"无声杀手" 因为它往往没有明显的症状 我们为此开发了一项突破性的功能 能提醒你可能有高血压 你只要戴上 Apple Watch 就能用 我们的算法利用光学心率传感器的数据 通过分析血管对心跳的反应 来检测慢性高血压 该算法在后台运行 会分析 30 天内的数据 一旦识别到高血压征兆，就会通知你 为开发这一革新方式 我们运用了先进的机器学习技术 并有超过 10 万名参与者 加入到这一系列研究中 尽管还无法检测出所有的高血压病例 但我们预计仅第一年就能提醒 超过一百万未被诊断出高血压的用户 从而促使他们改善行为习惯 或开始接受治疗 我们预计会很快获得 FDA 及其他监管机构的批准 该功能将于本月在 150 个国家和地区推出 其中包括美国和欧洲 接下来，我们来聊聊睡眠 睡眠是每天身心恢复活力的关键 也是影响寿命长短的重要因素 Apple Watch 能帮用户达成睡眠目标 获取相关洞察 发现潜在的睡眠呼吸暂停 现在有了睡眠评分 你可以更好了解自己的睡眠质量 以及如何改善睡眠、恢复活力 影响睡眠质量的因素有很多 包括睡眠时长、就寝规律、醒来的次数 以及每个睡眠阶段的持续时间 睡眠评分每晚都会分析这些指标 并提供分类及评分 你可以查看评分的依据 便于你了解如何能改善睡眠 这套评分系统获得了权威专家的指导 包括世界睡眠协会 还运用了 Apple 心脏与运动研究中 超过五百万个夜晚的睡眠数据 我们这才得以开发并测试 这套评分系统的算法 你可以在睡眠 app 中查看详情 并通过 iPhone 上的健康 app 了解一段时间以来的趋势 现在交还给 Stan 高血压通知、全新睡眠评分 以及其他出色的健康、健身和安全功能 会大大改变你的生活 为了支持所有这些精彩功能 我们重新设计了电池 现在，Series 11 的电池续航 最长可达 24 小时 全天使用也没问题 Series 11 有亮黑色、银色、玫瑰金色 和精美新颖的深空灰色可选 全部采用 100% 再生铝金属制成 另外还有亮丽的抛光钛金属表壳 采用 100% 再生钛金属制成 有原色、金色和石板色可选 这个秋天，全系表带也将迎来 绚丽多彩的新配色 有 Nike 运动表带 和 Nike 回环式运动表带 这款表带的面料中织入了可反光的纱线 还有全新 Hermès 爱马仕提花针织表带 和与之搭配的同款表盘 表盘上的妙趣动画 灵感源自 Hermès 巴黎总店的独特风貌 Grand H 也推出了纤细优雅的新版 还有更多新配色亮相 这就是 Apple Watch Series 11 耐用性更出色，支持 5G 电池续航最长达 24 小时 还自带一套完善的创新健康功能 现更有高血压通知和睡眠评分 下面请 Amanda 来介绍新款 Apple Watch SE Apple Watch SE 具备 Apple Watch 的 各项核心功能和优势 而且价格非常超值 对很多人来说 它是绝佳的入门之选 今年，我们迎来了 Apple Watch SE 3 搭载我们最强的 Apple Watch 芯片 S10 驱动更多精彩功能 全天候显示屏也首次登陆 SE 无需唤醒屏幕就能查看时间和表盘 有了 S10 芯片，SE 还支持 双指互点两下和轻翻手腕等手势 单手就能轻松操控 除了 SE 已经具备的心率通知、摔倒检测 和车祸检测等重要功能 SE 3 还新增更多高招 比如手腕温度传感 既支持回推估算排卵日 又能为生命体征 app 提供更深入的洞察 当身体出现状况时，及时提醒你 SE 还带来睡眠呼吸暂停提醒和 睡眠评分功能 另外，如果你没带 AirPods 还能直接用手表的扬声器 播放音乐或播客等媒体内容 尽管满载众多出色新功能 有了 S10 芯片超高能效的加持 SE 的电池续航仍能长达 18 小时 让你从早用到晚 此外，SE 还首次支持快充 让你轻轻松松就能把电快速充满 与前代表款相比 充电速度现提升至 2 倍 只要充 15 分钟 就能正常使用长达 8 小时 SE 3 有星光色和午夜色 两款热门外观可选 由 100% 再生铝金属打造 这就是 Apple Watch SE 3 新配备全天候显示屏，支持 5G 具备体温感应、睡眠呼吸暂停通知 以及睡眠评分 加上 watchOS 26 的各项强大功能 种种更新让 SE 再上新台阶 今年我们升级的不止是 SE 和 Series 新一代 Apple Watch Ultra 也悍然登场 请 Eugene 详细介绍 Apple Watch Ultra 是专攻运动 与户外挑战的终极手表 它可以丝滑切换多种身份 既是帮你训练备赛的运动手表 也是付款买咖啡的智能手表 还是监测你重要体征数据的健康装备 今年，我们带来了 Apple Watch Ultra 3 让这种体验更上层楼 先来看看显示屏 无论是阳光下看配速 还是水下看深度 清晰易读很关键 因此，Ultra 3 配备的全新显示屏 采用了我们最先进的 广视角 OLED 和 LTPO3 技术 现在，从倾斜角度看屏幕亮度更高 边框也更窄，从而能增大屏幕显示面积 且无需改变表壳尺寸 这成就了迄今最大的 Apple Watch 显示屏 此外，它在全天候显示模式下 刷新频率更高 却不影响电池续航 这意味着每秒的跳动 现可清晰呈现在各款表盘 包括新增的航点表盘 它会动态展示与你相关的兴趣点 戴上运动时，可在体能训练 app 中 更快地自定义视图 以及使用 Workout Buddy 功能 它是基于 Apple 智能的生成式语音 能为你提供个性化反馈 在你锻炼时激励打气 Ultra 还支持 5G 蜂窝网络 让你一路保持在线 覆盖范围更广，连接更快更强 今年，我们的卫星通信功能也有巨大飞跃 现在，即使没有网也可提供安全保障 让你和亲友保持联系 这在适用的国家和地区 通过卫星通信服务即可实现 你轻点几下，它就能收集好重要信息 并帮你联络所需的紧急救援 你还可以用查找功能 来发信息、分享你的位置 为了在 Ultra 如此紧凑的设计中 实现卫星通信功能 我们重新设计了无线电和天线 信号强度翻倍 让你可以连线地球 800 英里外的卫星来沟通 Ultra 3 还支持通过卫星 发送 SOS 紧急联络 再加上信息和查找 app 现在，无论你是野外滑雪还是野径跑步 走到哪都能保持联系 Ultra 3 配备了更大的电池 如今续航最长可达 42 小时 Ultra 有黑色和原色钛金属表壳可选 以先进的 3D 打印技术制成 采用 100% 再生钛金属 与上一代表款相比，原材料使用量减半 各款 Ultra 系列表带也有众多亮眼新色 其中，野径回环式表带边缘 现还织入可反光的纱线 Hermès 爱马仕系列也推出了新款橡胶表带 绝配充满活力的生活方式 此外，En Mer 表带也新增多款配色 这就是 Apple Watch Ultra 3 现配备 Apple Watch 中最大的显示屏 和最长的电池续航 支持卫星通信、5G 高血压通知以及 watchOS 26 这是我们最先进的 Apple Watch 又一次大更新 现在交还给 Stan 这就是我们的全新 Apple Watch 系列 全新 Ultra 3 支持卫星通信 Series 11 带来强大的健康新功能 电池续航长达 24 小时 SE 3 性能与功能大幅进阶 人人都能找到适合自己的表款 Apple Watch SE 3 起售价仅为 $249 Apple Watch Series 11 起售价为 $399 Apple Watch Ultra 3 起售价为 $799 所有表款即日起接受预购 9 月 19 日正式发售 再次有请 Tim 全新 Apple Watch 系列 及其众多出色功能 让 Apple Watch 更实用、更必不可少 今天所介绍的各种强大实力 不仅帮助用户保持联系 还能更流畅、主动地 为健康与健身带来助益 下面我们来聊聊 iPhone iPhone 的横空出世 让手机产品脱胎换骨 并为整个行业树起新标杆 此后，我们在设计、创新 用户体验上的不断突破 全面改变了人们的日常生活 如今，我们再上层楼 推出全新 iPhone 阵容 打造了极具开创性的产品 这次我们带来四款新机型 每款都精心设计 能满足用户各自的需求 我们这就开始吧 iPhone 17 实力超凡 请 Kaiann 来详细介绍 iPhone 17 精美亮眼，也更经久耐用 共有五款优雅配色亮相 薰衣草紫色、青雾蓝色 黑色、白色以及鼠尾草绿色 新设计采用 6.3 英寸显示屏 窄边更窄，大屏更大 能展现并实现更多精彩 和各款 Pro 机型一样 iPhone 17 的屏幕也具备 ProMotion 技术 自适应刷新率最高可达 120Hz 可根据不同内容动态响应 所以看什么都流畅丝滑 而且还节能省电 iPhone 处于闲置状态时 屏幕会转为全天候显示 刷新率会高效降至 1Hz 锁定屏幕也更实用 能显示各种实时活动和小组件 户外使用时 iPhone 17 也更清晰易读 高达 3000 尼特的户外峰值亮度 创 iPhone 之最 这一切为 iPhone 17 造就了 我们迄今最优秀的显示屏 iPhone 的设计制造力求经久耐用 因为我们深知这对用户有多重要 我们的超瓷晶面板一直业界领先 坚固度超过任何智能手机上的 玻璃或微晶玻璃面板 iPhone 17 则带来了 超瓷晶面板 2 将抗刮划能力提升至 3 倍 这归功于 Apple 设计的一种新涂层 它在原子层面与超瓷晶面板接合 这层经特殊处理的瓷晶可增强面板坚固度 帮助抵御日常刮划 让这块显示屏更优秀的 是七层抗反射涂层 有效减少了眩光和干扰 让 iPhone 无论在明亮的室内 还是在户外使用都更清晰易读 强势驱动 iPhone 17 的 是最新一代 Apple 芯片 A19 采用最先进的 3 纳米制程工艺打造 A19 速度更快，能效更高 它升级的显示引擎驱动 ProMotion 技术和全天候显示 还配备优化的神经网络引擎 专为 Apple 智能量身定制 成就出色的设备端性能表现 加上 A19 拥有更大的内存带宽 设备端生成式模型和大语言模型 运行速度会快上加快 A19 有一颗 6 核 CPU 搭载最新的性能核心和能效核心 让 iPhone 17 响应灵敏 同时还能持久续航 新一代 5 核 GPU 性能飞跃 能从容应对图形密集型任务 如果你是从旧款 iPhone 升级 将能切实体会到速度的飙升 Apple 芯片、硬件和软件上的种种提升 让你用 iPhone 玩游戏更尽情尽兴 网易出品的《命运：群星》等手游 玩起来更畅快淋漓 因为现在有 ProMotion 的加持 自适应刷新率最高可达 120Hz A19 先进的 CPU、GPU 和升级的神经网络引擎 也是 Apple 智能的强大推手 现在 iPhone 拥有众多功能 助你创作、沟通、提高效率 而 iOS 26 让种种精彩更进一步 有了视觉智能 你就能对 iPhone 屏幕上的 内容进行搜索、操作、提问 实时翻译功能可助你跨越语言障碍 让你在电话、FaceTime 通话 和信息 app 中自由沟通 和整个 Apple 智能一样 这些功能都经过严密设计 处处周到保护你的隐私 Apple 芯片能效超高 力挺 iPhone 17 续航一整天 而得益于 ProMotion 技术 iPhone 17 的视频播放时间 相比 iPhone 16 最多增加了 8 小时 电量耗尽时 有线充电速度也更快 20 分钟可充至最多 50% 电量 仅需充电 10 分钟 就够播放最长 8 小时视频 今年，iPhone 的摄像头也有重磅更新 有请 Megan 介绍我们的新成果 iPhone 17 拥有超赞的 4800 万像素融合式双摄系统 我们的融合式技术 将两种摄像头性能合为一体 在一颗主摄中，融入 光学品质的 2 倍长焦 各自都配备专用图像管线 主摄的 4800 万像素分辨率令人震撼 能拍出有着精致细节的画面 比如这种格外生动的海岸风光照 而对日常随拍来说 默认的 2400 万像素分辨率刚刚好 既保证了出众画质和丰富细节 文件占用空间也较小 非常适合保存和分享 光学品质的 2 倍长焦 则让你拉近拍摄主体 用来定格这样的宁静时刻再好不过 现在，iPhone 17 还新配备 4800 万像素融合式超广角摄像头 分辨率高达 iPhone 16 的 4 倍 各种类型照片都能呈现更丰富细节 无论是非同寻常的特写 还是视角独到、充满张力的场景 你将会爱上这种又简单、又出彩的拍摄体验 让我们转过来聊聊前置摄像头 我们会用它玩个自拍、记录生活 挥洒创意、表达观点 每个美妙瞬间，总有 iPhone 相伴 去年，全球的 iPhone 用户 拍摄了超过 5000 亿张自拍照 远超其他智能手机用户 为此，今年我们隆重推出让你耳目一新的 Center Stage 前置摄像头 像素更高，取景更灵活 防抖功能令人叫绝 这颗全新前摄拥有我们最广的拍摄视角 因为它配备了我们最大的 前置摄像头传感器 尺寸几乎是前代的两倍 这也是我们首次采用正方形传感器 传统传感器的宽高比为 4:3 握持手机的方向会对取景构成限制 Center Stage 摄像头的 传感器形状独特，尺寸也更大 无论横向纵向取景 都可拍摄高分辨率照片和视频 灵活组合出四种构图随你选择 也就是说，要拍横版自拍照 不用转 iPhone 也能搞定 现在，轻点一下就能拓宽取景范围 或将竖版转成横版 拍照片拍视频，构图更轻松灵活 有朋友入画时 全新的拍照人物居中功能 会利用 AI 自动拓宽取景范围 甚至还能帮你旋转取景框方向 这让你轻轻松松就能拍出 值得分享的照片 直握 iPhone 不但更安全牢靠 还能拍出更好看的横版自拍照 因为这样你们的视线 更容易集中到画面中心 分辨率也提高到 1800 万像素 照片的细节更丰富 正方形传感器带来的额外像素 还能提升视频画质 各种运动状态下的自拍视频都极为平稳 这里运用的部分技术 也同样用在后摄的运动模式 与亲朋好友 FaceTime 通话时 你也可以更轻松自如 因为视频通话人物居中功能 针对手持拍摄进行了优化 能将你的脸稳稳地框在画面中 Center Stage 前置摄像头 让 iPhone 解锁了全新境界的独到体验 现在，交还给 Kaiann iPhone 17 摄像头震撼升级 配备 4800 万像素融合式双摄系统 以及 Center Stage 前置摄像头 我们迫不及待想要看到大家 日常拍摄的各种花样玩法 挥洒出更多创意 这一切共同造就非同凡响的 iPhone 17 由 A19 芯片强势驱动 配备更大更亮的 6.3 英寸显示屏 支持 ProMotion 自适应刷新率技术 采用超瓷晶面板 2 iPhone 17 还自带最新的 iOS 功能 和 Apple 智能 出色续航一整天 存储容量 256GB 起步 iPhone 17 满载强大功能 会让你天天爱不释手 现在，交回 Tim 继续 iPhone 17 太出彩了 这还只是开始 接下来精彩不断 得益于 Apple 芯片带来的各种技术提升 我们得以在 iPhone 设计和创新方面 不断开拓进取 这些突破带来了令人震撼的成果 有请 iPhone 系列的最新成员登场 我们的初衷是打造一款 属于未来的 iPhone 强大，却纤薄轻盈 拿在手中仿若无物 它的核心结构是极为纤细的边框 采用 5 级航空级钛金属打造而成 坚固、轻盈、耐用集于一身 为了给这种强硬材质加一分优雅 我们将边框精心打磨出 纯净的镜面外观 精湛工艺的精妙配色 彰显轻盈灵动 我们首次，在机身前后都使用超瓷晶面板 合于钛金属边框两侧 用高温工艺打造纳米晶体 坚固度显著提高 这是我们迄今最耐用的设计 要做到如此纤薄 我们重新设计了标志性的扩展平台 内外两面的精密加工 塑造出适合的形状 以容纳量身打造的摄像头 芯片及核心系统模块 再规划其余空间 全留给高密度电池 从而实现了非凡的电池续航 极致纤薄的机身 让我们可以加大显示屏 但不会增加丝毫赘余 我们迄今最薄 iPhone 但身藏高能内核 两者看似矛盾，却能一体成真 这就是 iPhone Air iPhone Air 将带给你前所未有的体验 有请 John 详细介绍 我们非常激动为大家带来 这款极致纤薄的 iPhone Air 它薄至 5.6 毫米，是迄今最薄的 iPhone 它也非常轻盈 给你前所未有的手感 还满载一系列我们最先进的功能 这款我们最优秀的 6.5 英寸显示屏，绚丽夺目 还具备 ProMotion 技术 自适应刷新率最高达 120Hz 支持全天候显示 峰值亮度达 3000 尼特 更有全新超瓷晶面板 2 提供保护 相比上一代超瓷晶面板，抗反射能力更强 抗刮划能力提升至 3 倍 我们还首次将超瓷晶面板 用作 iPhone 的背板 相比之前的玻璃背板 抗裂能力提升至 4 倍 它还保护着 iPhone 顶部新的扩展平台 许多重要内部组件都装在这里 内部经过精密铣削，可腾出更多空间 用于安置后摄、前摄、扬声器 以及 Apple 芯片 iPhone Air 的边框由钛金属制成 选择这一材料 对如此纤薄的设计来说至关重要 其抗弯强度表现 超越了我们的严格标准 所有这些精心设计 令 iPhone Air 比历代 iPhone 更耐用 此外，我们还采用了 80% 的再生钛金属 创 iPhone 历来最高比例 共有四款抢眼颜色可选：深空黑色、云白色 浅金色和天蓝色 iPhone Air 独树一帜的设计得以实现 少不了 Apple 芯片的助力 有请 Tim Millet 详细介绍 对于 Apple 芯片，我们专注于 最大限度地提升性能和能效 从而驱动各款产品创新 iPhone Air 要求我们打造出 能效最高、性能最强的 iPhone 芯片 而答案就是 A19 Pro 在 CPU 方面 我们继续提升单线程性能和能效 性能核心在前端带宽和分支预测方面 也更进一步 使 A19 Pro 具备了智能手机中最快的 CPU 此外，我们还将能效核心的 末级缓存扩大了 50% 尤其力求提高 处理日常事务的能效 由此造就的 CPU 比 A19 的还要快、还要高效 A19 Pro 的 GPU 也有大幅飞升 我们推出了第二代动态缓存架构 将 16 位浮点运算性能提升了一倍 还构建了新的统一图像压缩技术 厉害的还不止这些 还有围绕 AI 的 GPU 重要更新 自八年前首次推出神经网络引擎以来 我们一直处于 AI 加速技术的前沿 之后我们将机器学习加速器 带到了 CPU 上 我们的 GPU 一贯擅长 AI 计算 现在更是飞跃了一大步 为每个 GPU 核心都内置了 神经网络加速器 让 GPU 峰值运算能力 高达 A18 Pro 的 3 倍 这样的 iPhone 运算能力 足以比肩 MacBook Pro 对 GPU 要求很高的 AI 任务 都能从容应对 Apple 芯片的另一项创新是无线连接 多年来，我们一直在为 Apple Watch 和 AirPods 打造无线局域网和蓝牙芯片 现在，这些技术也首次为 iPhone 而来 由 Apple 设计的 N1 芯片 重磅登场 它不仅支持各种最新的无线技术 Wi-Fi 7、蓝牙 6 和 Thread 还在个人热点和隔空投送等重要领域 提高其整体性能与可靠性 最后，还有一个造就 iPhone Air 的关键创新 就是 Apple 设计的调制解调器 我们今年春季推出了 C1 而仅仅六个月后 我们就有了更快、更高效的新版本 全新 C1X 速度最高达 C1 的两倍 甚至比 iPhone 16 Pro 的调制解调器还快 整体能耗却降低了 30% 是 iPhone 迄今能效最高的调制解调器 事实上，iPhone Air 是历来 能效表现最出色的 iPhone 我们打造 Apple 芯片的初衷 是为了创造更强大的产品 而 iPhone Air 就是这一目标的成果 交还给 John iPhone Air 的摄像头系统拥有 众多广受欢迎的功能 而 iPhone 正是凭此 成为全球备受喜爱的相机 这看起来是单个摄像头 实际上是强大的全新 4800 万像素 融合式摄像头系统 用起来就像多个先进摄像头融合一体 你可以拍摄震撼的 4800 万像素照片 细致捕捉到山谷中的棵棵小树 以及石墙上丰富的色彩层次 2 倍长焦采用优化的光像引擎 现可运用机器学习技术 呈现人物头发的生动细节 和这件夹克的鲜活色彩 这个融合式摄像头的低光拍摄超出色 这要归功于它的大尺寸传感器、大光圈 以及 Apple 设计的传感器位移式 光学图像防抖功能 大尺寸传感器实现了 又一个光学品质镜头 集成的 2 倍长焦 可拍出精彩的照片和 4K 视频 凭借强大的计算摄影能力 这个出色系统可支持 iPhone 摄像头各种亮点新功能 如默认的 2400 万像素照片 能呈现出照片中衣裙的细腻质地 甚至阴影处的细微差别也看得到 新一代人像功能支持焦点控制 拍各种主体都好用 比如这些美味的华夫饼 还有新一代摄影风格 全新珠光风格亮相 为肤色添一抹亮色 让照片更显明媚生动 自定义 28 毫米和 35 毫米镜头焦距 让你更灵活地取景构图 堪比四个镜头随身带 正面是我们 创新的 Center Stage 摄像头 无需转动手机，就能来张横向自拍照 无论横拍竖拍，拍照人物居中功能 都能为所有人完美构图 我们还推出了一项全新功能 可同时使用前摄和后摄 这就是视频同步双拍 特别适合一边拍演唱会，一边拍你自己 或在比赛的超燃时刻自拍你的反应 Center Stage 前摄的全新图像防抖功能 让你稳居画面中心 而后置融合式主摄 可让你灵活变焦放大画面 聚焦你想记录的精彩 这些摄像头系统还有更多本领 如运动模式、混音功能 4K 杜比视界，以及相机控制的全套功能 让 iPhone Air 成为现实 还离不开一项重要创新 那就是 eSIM 多年前我们率先推出了 eSIM 技术 如今它已经成为一项行业标准 相比那块数十年历史的塑料实体卡 eSIM 用起来更方便、安全性更高 还为 iPhone 节省了宝贵的内部空间 eSIM 也非常适合旅行使用 运营商可提供多种实惠、方便的漫游套餐 如果你想用当地套餐 设置 eSIM 很简单 在家里或在路上都能搞定 无需更换实体 SIM 卡 一到目的地，就能开始使用数据服务 得益于运营商合作伙伴的广泛规划与测试 eSIM 已可覆盖全球 因此，iPhone Air 全球统一采用 仅使用 eSIM 的设计 以此为电池腾出尽可能大的空间 说到这，那就来看看电池续航 我们在硬件和软件上的协同创新 为 iPhone Air 带来了优异的电池续航 动力来自我们最先进的 Apple 芯片 专为高能效而构建 内部设计彻底重构 给电池尽可能多的空间 iOS 26 也推出了新的节电功能 如自适应电量模式 可学习你的使用习惯 并预测可能何时会电量不足 从而智能地帮你省电 助你顺利用上一天 尽管如此纤薄轻盈 iPhone Air 续航照样出色 满足使用一整天 这就是迄今最薄 iPhone 具备的 超凡的全天电池续航力 我们还推出了全新的配件体系 来适配这款 iPhone 的独特设计 由于 iPhone Air 极纤薄 我们打造了一款轻巧低调的 全新 MagSafe 电池 吸附在机身上手感超赞 而且够纤薄，可轻松放入口袋 搭配使用时，iPhone Air 的视频播放 最长可达 40 小时 够你一口气追完 40 集《For All Mankind》 是你长途旅行的好搭档 我们还为 iPhone Air 精心设计了 两款定制保护壳 一款是半透明保护壳 背板厚度还不到 1  毫米 可在设备跌落时提供出色保护 有霜雾色和暗影色可选 另一款是轻盈的防护边框 由强化聚碳酸酯制成 可紧密贴合 iPhone Air 四周 有配套的四款颜色可选 两种选择均可搭配全新的斜挎挂绳 内置纤薄的柔性磁体 可将挂绳吸合到一起 并让你能轻松调整长度 这就是超先进的 iPhone Air 迄今最薄 iPhone，身藏高能内核 拥有卓越的耐用性 出类拔萃的前置和后置摄像头系统 还有 Apple 设计的最新芯片 以超高能效，成就出色的全天续航力 种种高能实力以 不可思议的全新形态现身 我们期待你能快快上手感受 现在，镜头交还给 Tim iPhone Air 是一次彻底的颠覆性创新 它经过精心设计 为用户带来 Pro 级强大性能 同时还无比纤薄、轻盈 随着 iPhone Air 的加入 我们也力求将两款 Pro 级产品的 性能和功能提升到全新高度 我们的目标很简单 就是全力打造迄今最 Pro 的 iPhone 为此，我们从零开始 由内而外进行重构 推出这款 iPhone 17 Pro 我们旨在重新定义 Pro 在性能、耐用性和功能 各个方面都实现突破 因此，我们再次从坚固的铝金属入手 以高温锻造，定制成型 经数千道工序 精益求精，细细雕琢 再经连续的阳极氧化处理 打造出色彩鲜明 经久耐用的氧化外层 成就我们首款一体成型的 iPhone 机身 不但坚固轻盈，更可高效散热 还可容纳 iPhone 迄今最大的电池 全宽度的摄像头扩展平台 不仅巧妙集成天线 还将全新 Pro 级拍摄系统容纳其中 成就惊人的变焦范围和分辨率 而卓越性能的核心 正是 iPhone 迄今最强的芯片 但强悍的性能也会产生热量 我们为此设计了全新的散热系统 对铝金属一体成型机身 进行整体快速散热 还有超瓷晶面板 来自我们最坚固的微晶玻璃配方工艺 现为机身前后两面提供妥帖保护 足以应对日常使用的各种挑战 这就是我们对 Pro 的新定义 iPhone 17 Pro iPhone 17 Pro 是迄今最先进的 iPhone 不仅设计焕然一新 还满载众多强大功能 下面请 Joz 为大家详细介绍 iPhone 17 Pro 不仅拥有 亮眼的崭新外观 性能表现也突飞猛进 堪称我们迄今最强大的 iPhone 而这一切，都得益于 我们全新的散热管理 对系统性能而言，散热至关重要 我们精心调控设备功耗和表面温度 确保 iPhone 17 Pro 和 iPhone 17 Pro Max 能一如继往发挥超凡性能 同时又能保持舒适的握持手感 全新散热管理的核心 是 Apple 特别设计的 VC 均热板 特殊的去离子水密封在 VC 均热板内部 再通过激光焊接在铝金属机身内 能有效移走各个组件产生的热量 从而进一步提升持续性能 VC 均热板会在整个系统内 有计划地传导热量 再经锻造铝金属一体成型机身 高效散出 我们采用 Apple 定制的 航空级铝合金 热传导率极佳 高达过去所用钛金属的 20 倍 这种 Apple 专有合金还极其轻盈 因此是我们实现崭新设计的绝佳选择 它能使设备拥有出色的散热性能 同时保持舒适的手感和使用体验 阳极氧化铝金属机身有三款亮眼外观 分别是精致的银色 优雅的深蓝色 以及绚丽抢眼的星宇橙色 另一关键设计元素是锻造成型的 扩展平台，除了有助高效散热 还能为内部组件提供额外空间 留出位置容纳更大的电池 通过将天线也集成在 扩展平台的四周 我们打造出 iPhone 迄今 最高性能的天线系统 新设计的方方面面都精益求精 以求最大限度提升性能 为实力惊人的 A19 Pro 芯片 解锁全部潜能 这颗芯片拥有强悍的 6 核 CPU 和高性能 6 核 GPU 每个 GPU 核心都内置 神经网络加速器 它还拥有比 A18 Pro 更大的缓存 和更多内存 A19 Pro 搭配我们最出色的散热设计 让 iPhone 17 Pro 性能飙升 持续性能相比 iPhone 16 Pro 提升高达 40% 是运行高强度任务的理想装备 比如玩游戏、编辑照片或视频 利用最新的 Apple 智能功能 以及运行本地大语言模型 还能玩转对图形处理要求极高的游戏 比如《Arknights: Endfield》 开启硬件加速光线追踪 更能持久体验更高帧率带来的流畅感 新设计不仅带来强悍超凡的性能 iPhone 业界领先的耐用性 也更上一层 铝金属一体成型的机身 能更好地保护玻璃背板 准确地说 背板不再是普通玻璃 而是与 iPhone Air 一样的 超瓷晶面板 因此异常坚固 背面的超瓷晶面板抗裂能力达 4 倍 远超之前的玻璃背板 而外形却更为纤薄 能节省更多空间给电池 正面绚丽的显示屏 采用令人赞叹的全新超瓷晶面板 2 可提供业界领先的安全保护 抗刮划能力高达前代机型的 3 倍 全新的七层抗反射涂层 可减少眩光和干扰 即使在强光环境下 屏幕内容也更清晰易读 室内室外都没问题 设计上的种种决策 令电池容量的大幅提升成为可能 也使 iPhone 17 Pro Max 成为迄今续航时间最长的 iPhone 对于仅使用 eSIM 的机型 由于原本留给实体 SIM 卡的空间 也被用来增大电池容量 因此这些机型充满一次电 视频播放时间能再多两小时 视频播放时间 最长可达惊人的 39 小时 下面说说 这次的 Pro 级拍摄系统 结合超凡硬件与先进的计算摄影技术 拍照拍视频都美轮美奂 iPhone 17 Pro 的拍摄系统 性能更强大，玩法更灵活 下面请 Patrick 为大家讲解 iPhone 17 Pro 和 iPhone 17 Pro Max 拥有我们迄今最出色的拍摄系统 每个摄像头均搭载高分辨率传感器 正面是 1800 万像素 Center Stage 摄像头 我们创新的前置摄像头系统 支持更广的视角和更高的分辨率 面对镜头录视频时特别好用 这也使我们的 Pro 系列机型成为 内容创作者的绝佳选择 背面的三颗摄像头 首次全部升级到 4800 万像素 不仅传感器像素高达 4800 万 而且全都是融合式摄像头 我们还升级了图像处理管线 以进一步提升解析力 这意味着在各个焦段和光线强度下 你都能拍到细节更丰富的图像 iPhone 17 Pro 的扩展平台经特别设计 可内置一颗全新的 4800 万像素融合式长焦摄像头 支持 4 倍变焦达 100 毫米焦距 以及 8 倍远摄变焦达 200 毫米焦距 这是我们迄今最长的光学品质变焦 iPhone 17 Pro 还拥有 新一代四重反射棱镜 以及优化的 3D 传感器位移式 图像防抖系统 这是一项重要提升 因为传感器比前代机型增大了 56% 在明亮光线下，影像清晰度进一步提升 在不同光线强度下，画面细节更出色 新的长焦摄像头可以拍更远 带来更多创意表现手法 4 倍 100 毫米焦距镜头是 拍摄人像的经典镜头 所提供的视角能把人物拍得更惊艳 并给你全新的构图思路 非常适合自然摄影、捕捉动态瞬间 以及表现惊艳的细节 新增的 8 倍 200 毫米焦距镜头 能将画面拉得更近 营造出迷人的景深效果 而且与 2 倍长焦一样 8 倍长焦也能利用升级的光像引擎 在图像处理管线的更多环节 整合机器学习技术 我们应用深度学习模型 来去除马赛克 图像会基于原始 RAW 输出进行重构 同时利用图像传感器中的四合一像素 这种方式能保留生动自然的细节 并减少噪点 特别是在暗光条件下 能大大提升色彩的精准度 而且数码变焦现在最高达到 40 倍 有了这套全新的 4800 万像素 融合式长焦拍摄系统 只需一部 iPhone 17 Pro 在手 好比八颗专业镜头随身带 我们邀请了几位世界级摄影师 亲自上手体验 iPhone 17 Pro 来一起欣赏他们的作品 这些照片真的很美 现在，该聊聊视频了 我们的 Pro 机型 一直在引领智能手机视频创作的潮流 为了匹配我们的画质、格式支持 并无缝融入专业工作流程 用户需要相当专业的拍摄系统 一般的智能手机很难满足需求 而我们甚至连这场发布会 都是用 iPhone 17 Pro 拍摄的 很酷吧 许多专业级的精彩功能 比如杜比视界 HDR 4K120 和 ProRes Log 以及对 ACES 的支持 一直深受电影从业者的青睐 他们也爱用 iPhone 因为能拉近与拍摄对象的距离 获得更亲密、敏捷且灵活的拍摄体验 今年，我们带来众多 广受期待的专业级视频功能 让 iPhone 能更顺畅地参与 各种类型的制作项目 无论是短视频，还是大电影 我们更新增 对 ProRes RAW 拍摄的支持 这套 Apple 开发的 视频编解码器业界领先 可记录摄像头传感器捕捉的全部信息 为后期制作带来无可比拟的灵活性 用来拍摄高动态范围视频也十分理想 自推出以来 ProRes RAW 已成为各制作公司 广泛采纳的行业标准 体现对调控和画质的极高要求 目前支持 ProRes RAW 拍摄的 有 Final Cut Camera 和 Blackmagic Camera 我们也提供 API 供其他开发者使用 我们还新增对 Genlock 的支持 这项功能可实现超精准的视频同步 对于内容创作者和 网络主播来说尤其实用 无论是用多机位拍摄 还是操作多个屏幕画面 Genlock 都能实现精准 且极具专业感的转场 无需动辄数小时的手动逐帧对齐 使用多机位阵列拍摄时 可通过 Genlock 使用先进的视频工具和技术 比如时间拼接或者说子弹时间 这让制作者能在 定格画面的同时转换视角 使用 Genlock 需要新的 Blackmagic Camera ProDock 提供支持 我们也为其他厂商准备了 API 我们很高兴能将这些先进的影片制作工具 带到 iPhone 上 让用户能轻松获取，也能更快上手 iPhone 17 Pro 真正树立了新标杆 为了提供更完整的体验 我们还设计了一系列新配件 我们将推出以创新材料打造的 科技织物保护壳 织物面料采用先进工艺 以多色纱线精织而成 外观格外精致 外覆保护涂层 还具有抗刮划和抗污的特性 我们还带来多款透明保护壳 以及一系列色彩靓丽的硅胶保护壳 所有保护壳均采用 新的按钮设计 手感更好，也更精准 还有这款好看又好用的斜挎挂绳 除了 iPhone Air 能用 还可搭配科技织物保护壳 用于 iPhone 17 Pro 和 17 Pro Max 或搭配硅胶保护壳 用于所有 iPhone 17 机型 这就是 iPhone 17 Pro 我们迄今最强的 iPhone 性能和功能都出类拔萃 这是一次巨大的跨跃 不仅设计耳目一新 有 A19 Pro 芯片的强力加持 性能也登峰造极 电池续航更是突飞猛进 后摄全上 4800 万像素 融合式摄像头，新增 8 倍变焦 还有我们创新的 Center Stage 前置摄像头 此外，iOS 26 支持 众多新功能和 Apple 智能 更多精彩等你亲自体验 接下来，让我们一睹 iPhone 17 Pro 的片场风采

