# Speaker: Yael

## Event: WWDC 2020 Special Event Keynote —  Apple

> **EN:** You get back the text and audio right away. And just turn the phone to landscape to open conversation mode. We've designed a side-by-side view that's easy for two people to know which side to follow in the conversation. This mode is incredibly intuitive, with just a single microphone button because the app intelligently detects the language spoken and shows translation on the correct side of the screen. Translate will make communicating between languages easier than ever before, connecting people in new ways. And we can't wait for you to try it. Thanks, Yael. Next up, Messages. Messages is how many of us communicate with people most important to us. And now we're using it more than ever. Compared to just a year ago, we have a record number of users sending a record number of messages. And we've seen people use Messages more and more to keep in touch with their closest groups. This year, we're introducing a new way to stay connected with your most important conversations, giving you new ways to express your identity with Memoji and making big changes to how we communicate in groups. To tell you more, here's Stacey Lysik. Thanks, Craig. First, let's get started with Conversations. From the beginning, Messages was designed to make it really easy to get to your newest messages. But with so many active conversations, sometimes it can be tough to get to the ones that are most important to you. So we are introducing a new way to let you stay connected to your most important conversations: by letting you pin them at the top of your list so you can always get to them. And you can see messages as they come in with a beautiful animation on the pin. Next, let's talk about expressing yourself with Memoji. There are over one trillion ways to customize your identity with Memoji. In iOS 14, we're adding even more ways to create your look with over 20 new hair and headwear styles to let you reflect your hobby, profession and personality. We've also added something that's even more relevant today: face coverings. And we're adding more age options too. My favorite way of using Memoji is with Memoji stickers. And now we have three brand-new Memoji stickers that let you send a hug, a fist bump or even a blush to your friends. Last, let's chat about groups. When you're talking to a group, sometimes there's so much going on, it can be hard to keep track of the conversation. So this year, we're gonna help you bring order to the chaos. First we're adding inline replies that let you reply directly to a specific message. You can view replies in the full conversation or you can view them as their own thread so you can focus in on the specific topic. To make it even more clear who a message was meant for, we're introducing mentions. With mentions, you can just type someone's name to direct a message to them. And now you have the ability to only be notified when you're mentioned in the group conversation. And check out the top of this conversation. We have an all-new design for how groups appear. It lets you see all the members of your group, where the most recently active people are shown largest. And, for the first time ever, you can create a unique visual identity for your group by setting a group photo or customizing your group's look with an emoji. Inside the conversation you see group members' photos around the image. Of course it looks great as a pin. You know who's most recently commented in the group because their photo will appear around the outside of the pin. And that's what's coming to Messages in iOS 14: all-new pinned conversations, fun updates to Memoji and powerful improvements to groups. Thanks, Stacey. Next, let's take a look at features that help us while we're out and about. Now we know that life looks very different for many of us right now, but it won't always be this way. And as things start to open up, we have a new set of features that will help us explore the world again, starting with Maps. Apple Maps is the best way to navigate and explore the world, all while protecting your privacy. Over the past several years, we've added many great features, and of course we've been rebuilding our map from the ground up. Our new map finished rolling out across the US earlier this year and brought with it better navigation and far richer detail for roads, pedestrian paths, landcover and more. The new map also offers more accurate information for places and allows us to build incredible features like Look Around. Maps has come a long way, and people have noticed. Just look at this quote from Fast Company. "Apple Maps has improved by leaps and bounds and is a formidable rival to Google Maps. It's also arguably got the better UI, and by far-- by far-- the better privacy policy." We're excited to announce we're bringing our new map to more countries later this year, including the UK, Ireland and Canada. In addition to the rich detail and improved accuracy, the new map serves as the foundation for many great new features. In iOS 14, we're adding things that will make it easier for people to find places they love and help them get to where they're going in ways that are better for the environment. To tell you more, I'll hand it off to Meg Frost. Thanks, Craig. First, let's talk about finding great places. We have millions of people coming to Maps every day to discover great new places, whether they're planning their next big vacation or just looking for something to eat nearby. In iOS 14, the Maps team will be working with some of the world's most trusted brands to offer amazing Guides. Guides for great places to eat, shop, meet friends or explore in cities around the world. You can save Guides so you can easily get back to them later, and the best part is they automatically update when new places are added, so you always have the latest recommendations. In addition to helping you discover great new places, Maps helps you get there in a way that's better for the planet. For years, Maps has made it easy to navigate using environmentally-friendly options like public transit and walking. With iOS 14, we're introducing great new features to help our users reduce their carbon footprint, and our first one is also our most requested: It's Cycling. We've built an incredible cycling experience that helps you get around town on your bike. We're adding a dedicated cycling option to Maps which allows users to ride their bike along bike lanes, paths and roads. Maps takes elevation into account to let you know if you're in for a challenging uphill workout or a leisurely flat ride. You can also see if your route includes quiet or busy roads. We'll even let you know if you have a steep passage coming up or if you'll need to carry your bike up the stairs. You can also choose to avoid stairs altogether. With iOS 14, we're bringing cycling to New York City, LA, the San Francisco Bay Area, along with a number of cities in China like Shanghai and Beijing. And we'll be adding many more cities in the coming months. For environmentally conscious drivers, we're also introducing EV routing. If you have an electric car, Maps is going to help eliminate range anxiety. With iOS 14, Maps will track your current charge and factor in things like elevation and weather to automatically add charging stops along your route. And Maps will know which type of charger works for your car, making sure to only route you to compatible stations. We're working with a number of manufacturers to support EV routing in their vehicles, including BMW and Ford, and we'll be adding many more in the near future. Cities around the world are also working to improve air quality and reduce traffic, so we're adding congestion and green zones to Maps to easily see where they are along with alternate routing options. In addition, drivers in China can securely store their license plate number on their iPhone, and Maps will let them know which days they can enter congested city centers based on that number. And those are just some of the great new features coming to Apple Maps in iOS 14, making Maps the best product to help users explore and navigate their world. Thanks, Meg. And now, on to CarPlay, which has transformed the driving experience for iPhone owners by being the smarter, safer way to use the apps you love in your car. CarPlay is everywhere, and it's incredibly popular. Here in the US, it's available on basically every new car. And worldwide, it's available on over 80% of new cars sold and has quickly become the default in-car experience for so many people. People love CarPlay, and we get some really passionate reactions. Joanna Stern says it makes her life "infinitely better." We have some great updates for iOS 14. First up, we have new wallpaper options perfect for the car. And we're adding support for new categories of CarPlay apps: parking, EV charging and quick food ordering. In addition to this, we're really excited for the next step in how we're transforming your relationship with your car by rethinking car keys. They've been around for over a hundred years, but they've become big, bulky and ripe for reimagining. To tell you more about what we have planned, let's go to the garage with Emily Schubert. Thanks, Craig. I'm excited to introduce a digital version of car keys. Now you can leave your keys at home and unlock and start your car with your iPhone. And the very first car to support this will be the new 2021 BMW 5 Series. Let me show you how it works. It's super simple. -It uses NFC, and you just tap to unlock. -[beeps] And I place my phone on the charging pad and then push to start. [chimes] But this goes beyond just one less thing you have to keep in your pocket. Digital keys have security benefits. They live in the Secure Element of your iPhone, and if it goes missing, you can turn off your keys remotely via iCloud. They're even easier to share than a physical key. Copies don't involve trips to the dealership. And you can share from wherever you are with iMessage. Let's give Craig a key so he can drive home after we're done here. With each key you share, you can set options, like a restricted driving profile, perfect for teen drivers. Which is tempting, but we'll give Craig full access. [phone chimes] -[phone chimes] -Full access? Thanks, Emily. The new BMW will be available to customers next month. In addition to adding this feature to iOS 14, we're also enabling it in iOS 13, so customers can use their car keys even sooner. Of course, we want this to work in any car, so we've been working on standards with industry groups. And this is just the beginning. We're working on technology that will leverage our U1 chip, which uses Ultra Wideband technology for precise spatial awareness. So you'll be able to leave your iPhone in your bag or pocket and still securely unlock and start your car. We expect to see support for this standard starting in new cars next year. Now, let's turn to the App Store. Twelve years ago, we revolutionized the industry with the launch of the App Store. Today we have so many amazing apps that offer a rich set of experiences, we can truly say that for everything we want to do, "There's an app for that." So now it's time for us to extend the success of the App Store and make apps available and accessible in whole new ways. What if you could have the right app you needed at just the right moment? Let's look at what it would be like if you did. [narrator] Today, no matter what you want to do, there's an app for that. But what if you don't have the app you need right when you need it? Like when you need to pay for parking. Well, now there's an App Clip for that. [car chirps] Ooh. Look, a new coffee shop. There's an App Clip for that. Or a friend sends you a message with a print you like. There's an App Clip for that. That looks nice. Looking for somewhere to eat nearby? App Clip. Very health conscious of you. Hey, there's a scooter. Let's take it for a spin. Yep. App Clip. Mmm. Ice cream. Wait. There isn't one for that yet? Well, soon there could be an App Clip for that. And that. And that. And that. -And that. -[martial artist] Hi-yah! An App Clip is a small part of an app. It's light and fast and easy to discover, so you can quickly get what you need right when you need it. Everything about App Clips is designed for speed. They start with this card which quickly pops up. And with just a tap, you can launch the App Clip. You don't need to enter credit card numbers because App Clips can use Apple Pay for payments. And you don't have to manually log into an account because it can take advantage of Sign in with Apple. App Clips won't clutter your Home Screen and will only stay along as long as you need them. But you can easily launch recently used App Clips from the new App Library. It's always easy to download the full app, and this makes App Clips an easy way to discover more of what the App Store has to offer. And discovery is key. App Clips are all about getting to a part of an app at the moment you need it, so it was critical that we made them really easy to find. App Clips can be easily discovered and launched from the web. You can launch App Clips from Messages when friends share them with you. When you want to order takeout from a restaurant in Maps, you can launch an App Clip right from a place card. You'll be able to tap on NFC tags out in the world, on things like parking meters. Or you can scan QR codes to launch App Clips that work with products you purchase. The best way to discover App Clips will be with the new Apple-designed App Clip code. So when you see one, you'll know that there's an App Clip waiting for you. They incorporate both a visual code and NFC, so you tap on them or scan them with the camera to bring up an App Clip. App Clips will be great for businesses that already have apps. But we want to be able to use App Clips everywhere, including smaller spots that may not have their own app. So we made it possible for apps like Yelp, which support multiple businesses, to create App Clip experiences for each of the places they work with. Developers will create App Clips from a part of an app, using Xcode and the full power of the SDK. To ensure that they launch quickly, they'll need to be less than 10 megabytes in size. And that's App Clips. Immediately discoverable, small in size, so they launch fast, integrated Apple Pay for easy payment, Sign in with Apple for quick and privacy-friendly login and the option to download the full app from the App Store when you want to keep it around. We can't wait to see all the App Clips developers will create. And that's iOS 14. It's a huge release that transforms the core experience of iPhone, with redesigned widgets right on the Home Screen and a new way to organize your apps with the App Library. It adds incredible updates to some of the most popular apps, with powerful improvements to Messages and Maps, and introduces a whole new way to tap into apps with App Clips. And next up, iPadOS. ["S.S. Luker's Mom" by Oh Sees playing] Oh, hey, we made it. All right. Well, let's jump right in. iPadOS builds on all the amazing features of iOS while adding unique capabilities that deliver a distinct experience for iPad. Like using Apple Pencil for taking notes, markup and illustration. A reimagined track pad experience that lets you interact with iPad in a whole new way. And unmatched AR experiences with ARKit and the amazing new LiDAR Scanner in iPad Pro. All of this combines to put iPad into a class of its own. iPad excels at "every type of input" and is a "product to do anything and everything." Which brings us to this year and our new release, iPadOS 14. Let's start with experience. This year iPadOS delivers unique made-for-iPad designs that take great advantage of the iPad's large, multi-touch display. Now iPad has always been about the apps. In the beginning, we focused on giving the ecosystem of iPhone apps a larger canvas to deliver new and unique experiences. This quickly sparked an entirely new set of apps, designed for iPad first, with immersive experiences that transform this magical sheet of glass into whatever you needed it to be. We're proud of the over one million apps on the App Store today designed just for iPad. With customers continuing to push their iPads further than ever before, we're extending the design language of iPad to make apps more streamlined and more powerful. To give you a live look at these enhancements, I'll hand it over to Josh Shaffer. Thanks, Craig. Let's take a look at some of the enhancements to iPadOS. The first thing that you'll notice are the same redesigned widgets that you saw in iOS 14. They look great on iPad as well, and they give you information at a glance whenever you go Home. But let's see some of the improvements in the apps, starting with Photos. iPad is the perfect device for browsing your photos. Its large canvas lets you immerse yourself in all your favorite memories. And this year, we're making it even easier to browse and organize your photos with an all-new sidebar. With just a tap of this button, I can reveal the sidebar, with all the core functionality of the app in a single location. My photos remain front and center, but now I can quickly tap to move between parts of the app. The sidebar is a really powerful way to organize your photos too. I can easily drag a photo to the sidebar and then just drop it to add it to an album. We've brought this sidebar to many apps across iPadOS. Like Notes, where it provides quick and easy access to all your folders. And Files, where we've consolidated navigation into the sidebar for a streamlined new design. We've also streamlined the toolbars, adding new drop-down menus that consolidate functions into a single, easy-to-access button. I can just tap to change views like this. And for even quicker access, I can just tap and drag to change the sort order, all in a single motion. You'll find this same approach across other apps, like Calendar, where we've brought controls into a single toolbar at the top, providing more space for your content and a single unified place to access all the app's functionality. Finally, Music has been updated to take even better advantage of iPad's large screen. The sidebar in Music makes it easy to move between views. I can quickly jump between the new Listen Now and my playlists. -And once I start playing a song... -["Caution" by The Killers playing] ...I can bring up the brand-new full-screen player, where I can see rich album art, transport controls and lyrics, -all in one single view. -[song fades] And these are just some of the enhancements that are coming to apps in iPadOS. We're really loving these new app designs. But there's more, starting with Siri. The new compact Siri design that you heard about in iOS 14 is especially useful on iPad. Results appear at the bottom right corner, allowing you to easily reference the app while using Siri. And we applied this same approach to other parts of the experience... like calls. Now today when you receive a call on iPad, you see this. [beeps] Whatever you were working on is suddenly completely covered with the incoming call screen. Not cool. Wouldn't it be nicer if instead you saw this? [beeps] Well, that's much better. Now an incoming call is presented with a compact notification that doesn't take you out of context. And you can simply tap to answer or flick it away to dismiss. And this applies to all calls, including those from your iPhone or third-party VoIP apps like Skype. [rings] And of course we're bringing this to iOS as well. We think our iPhone customers are going to love it. Now there's one more key experience we've redesigned for iPad this year, and that's Search. Today Search is a full-screen experience, and sometimes you can lose track of your context. So we've redesigned Search with a new, compact design. You can start a search from anywhere, like the Home Screen or over any app. And this makes it easy to find what you need without feeling like you've left the app you're working in. But we didn't just redesign it. We've rebuilt Search from the ground up to be Universal, becoming a single destination where you can start all of your searches. First, we made it better than ever as an app launcher. You just start typing a few characters, and you can instantly get to where you're going. It's also great for finding contacts to message or call or documents. You can even search directly into apps like Keynote, Messages, Mail or Files. Or look up information about people or places. And it's also a great place to start all of your web searches as well. As soon as you start typing, you get relevant suggestions to complete your search. And you can get to your web search results with just a tap. And Search now makes navigating to your favorite websites just as easy as launching an app. Just type a few letters and the top hit will take you right to Safari. So those are some of our updates to the iPad experience. And of course, you also get the new widgets and all the other great app enhancements from iOS 14. Next, we want to push forward your ability to express yourself creatively with improvements to Apple Pencil. Apple Pencil is a game-changing tool that turns iPad into a professional drawing canvas, a great way to mark up and sign documents and the ultimate note-taking device. What many people love most about taking notes with Apple Pencil is how they can express themselves in a free-form way. Mixing handwriting and drawings can be the best way to capture your thoughts. Now the challenge is when you want to change things afterwards. Here, working with handwriting just isn't as easy as with typed text. Now, we sometimes take it for granted, but with typed text it's so easy to select, copy and paste into another document, or even just make space for more text. Well, this year, we're going to make handwriting just as easy and just as powerful. But that's not all. Our customers tell us that once they have an Apple Pencil in their hand, they don't want to put it away. So this year, we're bringing Scribble to iPad. So you can handwrite into any text field, and it will automatically be converted to text. To show you all of this in action, I'd like to welcome Jenny Chen for a live demo. Thanks, Craig. I'm really excited to show you some great new features we have for Apple Pencil and iPadOS this year. One of the great parts about taking notes with the Apple Pencil is that it really lets you work in a free-form way. I can just start writing anywhere. And it's not just about text. I can also express myself with drawings or shapes. But sometimes you want that more professional, cleaned-up look. So now, when I draw a simple shape and pause at the end, it'll automatically convert to that ideal shape. And we're smart about it, retaining the same size and angle that you drew it at. In addition to shapes, we've also made huge improvements to our handwriting recognition. So now, when I write, I can easily make a selection using the same gestures that I use for typed text. I can double tap to select a word or double tap again to select a line. Thanks to our advanced, on-device machine learning, you'll notice how we can select the handwriting while avoiding the drawings nearby. Now that I have the selection, I can easily change the color or move it around the document. It's also perfectly easy for me to make space for more room to write. We think that this will make note-taking with the Apple Pencil even better. Now, you don't even have to put it down when you want to do something else. Let's say you want to search for "Edison bulbs" in Safari. Using Scribble, I can just write directly into the text field... and it automatically gets converted to typed text. It also works in any text field, so I can easily add a new Reminder to my shared Reminders list with my husband. I've also been learning Chinese, so I want to surprise him with some of my progress and skills. I'll use Scratch to delete "lights." And then I can use Scribble to write "new" and then "light fixture" in Chinese. You'll notice how Scribble recognizes both English and Chinese in the same line. And what's awesome is that we can build on this technology to deliver other great features, like Data Detectors. We can automatically detect what you write, like phone numbers, so I can make a phone call. Or addresses, so I can look up directions. We can use these features together to do even more with your handwriting. Let's say I wanted to use my handwriting in another app. I can easily select what I want, tap the new Copy as Text from the callout bar, and then paste it into an app like Pages. And it's automatically converted to typed text. We're really excited about these awesome new features. And we think it will let you do even more with the Apple Pencil. Thanks, Jenny. So those are the enhancements to Pencil. Just one part of an amazing release, with Scribble for handwriting into any text field, a whole new way to work with your handwritten notes, broad enhancements to the app experience, and of course, iPad users also benefit from the great features you already saw in iOS 14 and much more that we didn't have time to talk about. So that's iOS and iPadOS. Next, let's talk about AirPods. From the one-click setup to the automatic pairing with all your devices to how they pause your audio when you take them out, people love the magical experience that AirPods deliver. Now we're bringing even more magic to AirPods. To tell you all about it, here's Mary-Ann Ionascu. Thanks, Craig. We have some amazing updates coming to AirPods, starting with Automatic Switching. AirPods will now seamlessly move between your devices without you having to manually switch them. Let's say you just finished listening to a podcast and you pick up your iPad to watch a show. AirPods will magically switch over. And later you start a video conference on your Mac. AirPods will automatically switch again. -[ringing] -And if a phone call comes in, the audio in your AirPods will route right back to your phone. We also have an exciting new feature coming to AirPods Pro: spatial audio. You know the experience of being in a movie theater with a state-of-the-art surround sound system, one where the sound not only comes from in front of you... -[tone pulsing] -...but also from the left, the right, behind, and even from above you? Well, we are thrilled to bring that same immersive experience to AirPods Pro. But it turns out it's a lot harder to do when you only have a single earbud in each ear. So our team created advanced spatial audio algorithms for AirPods Pro that replicate the movie theater experience. By applying directional audio filters and subtly adjusting the frequencies each ear receives, we can place sounds virtually anywhere in space... [high-speed vehicles passing] ...creating an immersive surround sound experience. But to truly deliver on this promise, we had to factor in real-life situations. First, people move their heads. For an authentic surround sound experience, you need the sound field to stay fixed so the voice feels like it's coming from the actor and not some random point in space. So we use the accelerometer and gyroscopes in AirPods Pro to track the motion of your head, remapping the sound field so it stays anchored to your device, even as your head moves. And it's not only your head that can move, but you might move your iPad or iPhone as well. That's why we constantly compare the motion data from your head and your screen to understand how they are moving in relation to each other. So if your bus turns the corner or your plane banks, the sound stays in sync. The result is a surround sound experience that keeps you in the middle of the action, no matter where you go. Spatial audio for AirPods Pro will work with content encoded in 5.1, 7.1, and even Dolby Atmos. Thanks, Mary-Ann. I've been using the new spatial audio, and I think you're all really gonna love it. All right. Next let's head to the Fitness Center to hear the latest on watchOS from Kevin. ["I'm Getting Tired" by Jacknife Lee playing] [song ends] Thanks, Craig. Since we launched Apple Watch, it's completely redefined what a watch can do, and this has been incredibly meaningful work. Apple Watch not only helps you stay connected and active, it's become an intelligent guardian of your health, enabling you to take an ECG, detect falls and call emergency services for you. It's impacting lives in ways that were inconceivable five years ago. The power of Apple Watch is not only its built-in features, but how developers have personalized it for you. We introduced the App Store in watchOS 6, and there are now over 20,000 watchOS apps available. These apps bring the information you care about most to just a glance at your watch face. We're taking this even further in watchOS 7, starting with complications. Until today, an app could appear in only one spot at a time on a watch face. In watchOS 7 developers can enable multiple complications, making even more richly personal watch faces. So if you like to use Dawn Patrol for surfing, you can create your own surf watch, including water temperature, swell and wind speed predictions for your favorite beach. Or new parents can use Glow Baby to see nap, changing and feeding times all on one face. While Nike Run Club can display stats like pace from your last run and your weekly run goals. We're also bringing rich complications to more faces, including a fresh Chronograph face with an integrated tachymeter and an updated Extra Large face with a huge, rich complication right in the center. And Configuring Watch Faces has been redesigned so you can easily select which information you'd like to see. As developers, with watchOS 7 you can now build your rich complications with native SwiftUI. While there are so many ways to configure watch faces, you may not have yet gone in and set these up for yourself yet. That's okay. With watchOS 7 we're making it super easy to share watch faces, so you can discover a face that works perfectly for you. To do this, we're introducing Face Sharing. You'll be able to discover curated faces with third-party apps on the App Store, or discover a new favorite watch face right on a website, or receive watch faces directly from friends and family. Let's take a look at how this works. When you see a watch face you'd like, you just press "Add Apple Watch Face." If the watch face uses some apps that you don't have yet, you'll be offered each one right here so you can easily get them if you like. And the new face appears right on your watch. If you'd like to share a face you've created yourself, that's also really easy. Just long press on the face, tap "Share," pick a contact and send. Developers can offer preconfigured watch faces right from their apps. You can even share watch faces across social media. It's a great way for the community of Apple Watch wearers to connect and help each other discover all the amazing things Apple Watch is capable of. Next, let's talk about Maps. Maps is great for walking, driving and transit directions, and now in watchOS, just like in iOS 14, you can get cycling directions. You'll see a variety of routes with information like time, distance and whether there are bike lanes. You can preview travel time and elevation changes and navigate with turn-by-turn directions that are large and easy to read. Maps can direct you to dismount and walk your bike or even take the stairs to save time. You can also search for and add places optimized for cyclists, like bike repair shops. [chimes] Now to tell you about how we're advancing Workouts, please welcome Julz Arney. Thanks, Kevin. The Workout app uses algorithms that are smartly tuned to track all aspects of your training. It's one of the most used apps on Apple Watch, and we've continued to add support for new workout types every year. -And in watchOS 7 we're adding Dance. -[dance music playing] Dance is a total body workout that's great for your heart. It makes you more fit and flexible, and you're guaranteed to have fun. Whether you're doing Hip Hop, Latin, Bollywood, or simply Cardio Dance, the Workout app now tracks some of the world's most popular styles of dance for fitness. Getting the most accurate credit for Dance presented a unique challenge. Arm movements aren't always repetitive or synchronized with leg movements like in running and walking. The solution was to use advanced sensor fusion. [music continues] In Dance, we combine data from the accelerometer and the gyroscope to detect the difference between dancing with just your arms... just your lower body... or when you put it all together and dance with your entire body. Then we add in heart rate data for the most accurate calorie burn calculations. watchOS 7 also tracks accurate calories for Core Training, those exercises for your abs and back, Functional Strength Training, a workout type that helps you get stronger and move better for everyday activities, and also Cooldowns to add on to another workout when you want to continue with easy moves and stretches as you bring your heart rate and breathing back to normal. Of course, you can track your progress for any of these new workouts inside the Activity app on iPhone, which is completely redesigned in watchOS 7. The app now features a new Summary tab that gives you an easy way to see your activity history, workouts and trends, all in one seamless view. With a new focus on easy navigation and summary metrics, the app is getting a new name as well: [music continues] Fitness. Back to you, Kevin. -[record scratches] -[music ends] Thanks, Julz. Apple Watch helps you meet not only your fitness goals, but also helps support your health with features such as Cycle Tracking, the Breathe app, and Noise notifications. And we're going to be adding even more capabilities this year in watchOS 7. We'd like to share a couple of them with you today, starting with one of the most-requested features for Apple Watch: tracking your sleep. To tell you about this, over to Vera Carr. Thanks, Kevin. There are many ways to look at sleep: scores, advanced monitoring, or sleep cycle analysis. We are taking a more holistic approach to sleep by leveraging the devices you use every day to not only track your sleep but to support you in actually meeting your sleep duration goal. That starts with choosing not only when you would like to wake up in the morning, but also when you'd like to go to bed. For most of us, setting a goal is easy. But getting to bed on time, that's the hard part. Experts say that establishing a bedtime routine helps the body transition from wakefulness to sleep. So we are offering Wind Down. It can help you get to bed on time by minimizing distractions and creating a personalized routine. Let's look at how this works. In the evening, ahead of your bedtime, your phone can display the Wind Down screen to help you transition mentally before you go to bed. It creates a calm lock screen experience and turns on Do Not Disturb for you. You can also set up shortcuts for simple things you may like to do to help you prepare for bed. These might include using your favorite meditation app or playing relaxing music. Once it's time for bed, your screen will dim and your watch will go into Sleep Mode, which looks like this. The screen will be off during time in bed so it won't bother you, and a tap displays this simple face. When it's time to wake up, you have a selection of gentle and effective alarm sounds, or a silent Taptic-only wake-up alarm so you don't disturb your partner. Once you're up, you'll see a friendly greeting easing you into the day. It also shows your battery level so you can remember to charge in the morning. Apple Watch tracks your sleep using a machine-learning model that senses your motion and even interprets the micro-movements caused by the rise and fall of your breath, providing signals for when you're awake and when you're asleep. There's an updated Sleep section in the Health app, including a view of your trends over time. Sleep Schedules, Wind Down, and Sleep Mode are also available on iPhone, without a watch, in iOS 14. We know you'll enjoy using your watch throughout the day and now throughout the night. Thanks, Vera. In addition to sleep keeping you healthy, there's another preventative-care item that's so important, particularly now: handwashing. In watchOS 7, Apple Watch is the first watch to deliver automatic detection when you start washing your hands and sensing of how long you actually wash. Our approach here is using machine-learning models to determine motion which appears to be handwashing and then use audio to confirm the sound of running water or squishing soap on your hands. During this, you'll get a little coaching to do a good job. You'll see a countdown, along with haptics and sounds, to make sure you wash as long as you're supposed to. If you pause early, there's a polite note to keep washing. And when you're done, you'll see, hear and feel it. That's just some of what's coming this year in watchOS 7, including discovering and sharing faces, new workout types, sleep and handwashing detection, and other new capabilities like Siri language translation. And that's Apple Watch. It's time for you to join Craig again to talk about something that's important to all of us. Here we go! ["I'm Getting Tired" by Jacknife Lee playing] [song ends] At Apple, we believe privacy is a fundamental human right. So we build it into our products from the beginning of the design process. Privacy matters now more than ever. And because our devices contain our most sensitive information, all of our product work is grounded in a set of privacy principles. First, data minimization. We use innovative technologies and techniques to minimize the personal data we or anyone else can access. Second, on-device intelligence. We avoid data collection by processing as much of your information on your device as we can rather than sending it to a server. Third, security. Security protections are foundational to everything we do in privacy. And finally, transparency and control. It helps you better understand the data being collected so that you can make your own choices about how that data is used. These principles come together across our products, in our hardware, our software and our services. At the end of the day, they result in great privacy and great ease of use. A powerful example of this is Sign in with Apple, which is designed for simplicity, security and privacy. And since we launched it last year, users have created over 200 million accounts across a wide variety of apps and websites. And developers are seeing great usage when they adopt it. For example, Kayak has integrated Sign in with Apple and found that their users are now two times more likely to use it than any other sign-in provider. Now, one thing we hear a lot with Sign in with Apple is that people wish they could convert their existing accounts to use it. So this year we're going to enable developers to let you do just that. When you upgrade, you get the ease of use and built-in security of Sign in with Apple while keeping the account that you already have. This is another big year of privacy improvements in our products. And to tell you more, here's Katie Skinner and Erik Neuenschwander. Thanks, Craig. First let's talk about location. This year we're continuing to give you even more control. In addition to the option of sharing your precise location, you will have the option to only share your approximate location with apps. We're also making changes for mic and camera so you always know when you're recording. In addition to requiring your permission, this year we're adding more visibility for current or recent mic or camera use. So if an app uses either one, we'll indicate that in the status bar.
> **ZH:** 你便可以立马获得语音和文本 只需将手机调至横屏 以打开对话模式 我们设计了并排视图 两个人可轻松了解 在对话中应跟进屏幕的哪一区域 该模式非常直观 只需一个麦克风按钮 因为 app 可智能检测所说的语言 并在屏幕的正确区域显示翻译 翻译使各语言之间的沟通比以往更方便 并为人们提供了新的沟通方式 我们迫不及待地等你试试 谢谢你 Yael 接下来是信息 信息是我们大部分人与对我们 最重要的人进行沟通的一种方式 现在我们对它的使用比以往更多 仅与一年前相比 发送信息的用户数量 以及所发送的信息量均创纪录 （发送的信息量增加了 40%） 我们发现越来越多的人在使用信息 以便与最密切的群体保持联系 （群组信息的数量增加了两倍） 我们今年将引入 可使你在最重要的 对话中保持连接的新方法 通过拟我表情为你 提供表示个性的新方法 并对在群组中的沟通方式作出大改变 下面有请 Stacey Lysik 来进一步讲解 谢谢你 Craig 我们先从对话开始 信息的设计初衷 是为了让大家能够 十分轻松地获取最新信息 但由于存在大量的活跃对话 有时很难找到对你最重要的人 所以我们引入了 使你能与最重要的对话保持连接的新方法 通过在列表顶部置顶来实现 从而使你总能找到他们 置顶的联络人发送信息时 会以美丽动画来呈现 接下来我们来讲一讲 如何通过拟我表情来表达自我 借助拟我表情可通过超过 一万亿种方式来定制您的个性 我们在 iOS 14 中加入了 用于打造你的外观的更多方式 其中包括 20 多种新发型和头饰 以反映你的爱好、职业与个性 我们也加入了与当前更贴合的功能：口罩 我们还加入了更多年龄选项 我最喜爱的拟我表情使用方式 是使用拟我表情贴纸 我们现在拥有三种全新的拟我表情贴纸 这使你能够向朋友发送 拥抱、碰拳或甚至是害羞表情 最后 我们来谈论一下群组 提到群组 有时会太过活跃 可能很难追踪对话 因此我们今年将帮助你化混乱为秩序 首先我们将加入精准回复 以使你能够直接回复特定信息 你可以在完整的会话中查看回复 你还可以只查看特定的对话往来 这样就可以侧重于特定主题 为更明确信息是发送给谁的 我们推出了提到 借助提到 你只需键入某人的名字 便可向其发送信息 现在你能够设置仅在群组对话中 被提到时才会收到提醒 看一看这个对话的顶部 我们全新设计了群组的呈现方式 这使你可以查看组中的所有成员 最近活跃的人的头像会显示最大 （乐团） 你有史以来第一次 可以通过创建群组照片 来为群组打造 独特的视觉形象 或通过表情符号来定义群组外观 在对话中 你会看到围绕图像的组成员照片 被置顶的头像当然好看啦 你知道谁最近在群组中发表了评论 因为他们的照片将围绕 置顶标记的外部呈现 这就是在 iOS 14 中加入信息的新功能 全新的置顶对话 有趣的拟我表情更新 以及强大的群组功能改进 谢谢你 Stacey 接下来我们来看一下 外出活动时对我们有帮助的功能 我们知道 现在我们大多数人的生活都变了样 但情况不会一直是这样 等一切都开始好转之后 我们加入了一组新功能 可以帮助你再次探索这个世界 就从地图开始 Apple 地图是导航和探索世界的极佳方式 同时也能保护你的隐私 在过去几年里 我们加入了许多很棒的功能 当然 我们彻底重新构建了地图 我们的新地图已于 今年早些时候在美国推出 新地图具有更出色的导航以及更丰富的 道路、步道、地貌等细节 新地图也提供更精确的位置信息 并使我们能够构建诸如 四处看看等不可思议的功能 地图一路走来取得了很大的进展 人们注意到了这一点 来引用一下 Fast Company 说过的这段话吧 “Apple 地图已大幅改进 它已成为 Google 地图的强大竞争对手 有人说它还有更出色的用户交互界面 但它的隐私政策绝对遥遥领先” 我们很高兴地宣布 我们将在今年晚些时候 将新地图推广到更多国家和地区 包括英国、爱尔兰和加拿大 除了丰富的细节和更高的精度以外 新地图为许多很棒的新功能奠定了基础 （找到好地方） 我们在 iOS 14 中加入了一些新功能 使人们能更轻松地找到他们喜爱的地方 并帮助他们以更环保的方式 抵达目的地 下面有请 Meg Frost 来为大家提供更多信息 谢谢你 Craig 首先我们来讨论一下查找好地方 数百万人每天通过地图 来探索很棒的新地方 他们可能是为了规划下一个假期 或者只是为了去寻找附近的餐馆 在 iOS 14 中 地图团队将与全球一些 最值得信赖的品牌合作 以提供出色的指南 介绍吃喝玩乐和购物的好去处 以及朋友聚会或探索世界各地的城市 在保存指南后 你可以在以后轻松地调用 最棒的是 在添加 新位置后它们会自动更新 因此你始终可以获得最新的推荐 除了帮助你探索很棒的新地方以外 地图可帮助你 以对地球更环保的方式前往那里 这些年来 地图使人们能够 轻松地以环保的方式导航 如搭乘公共交通工具和步行 在 iOS 14 中 我们引进了很棒的新功能 以帮助我们的用户降低碳排放 第一个 也是呼声最高的功能 骑行 我们打造了出色的骑行体验 这可以帮助你骑自行车在城市穿行 我们将专用的骑行选项加入到了地图中 这使用户能够沿自行车道 小径和道路来骑行 地图考虑到了海拔高度 这使你了解自己是否正在 进行有挑战的爬坡体能训练 或在进行舒适的平地骑行 你还可以查看路径 是否包含安静或繁忙的道路 我们甚至还能让你知道 是否即将遇到陡峭的道路 或者是否需要扛着自行车上楼梯 你也可以选择完全避免楼梯 在 iOS 14 中 我们向纽约、洛杉矶 旧金山湾区 以及诸如上海和北京等 中国城市开放了骑行功能 我们将在未来几个月里加入更多城市 对于有环保意识的驾驶员 我们还推出了电动汽车路线规划 如果你拥有电动汽车 地图将有助于消除里程焦虑 iOS 14 的地图将追踪你当前的电量 并计算爬坡高度和天气等因素 以便沿你的路径自动导航去充电站 地图将了解哪类充电站适合你的汽车 以确保将你导航至兼容的充电站 我们正与许多制造商合作 以便支持其电动汽车的路线规划 这包括 BMW 和 Ford 我们在不久的将来 将加入对更多品牌的支持 全球的城市也在致力于 改善空气质量和减轻交通拥堵 所以我们在地图中加入了拥堵区和通畅区 让用户能够轻松查看 其所在位置以及替代路线选项 此外 中国的驾驶员 可安全地将其车牌号存储在 iPhone 中 地图将能够让他们知道 哪些日子可以进入拥挤的市中心 车牌号是否限号 这些只是即将在 iOS 14 的 Apple 地图中 推出的一些新功能 从而使地图成为了最出色的产品 可以帮助用户在他们的世界各地探索导航 谢谢你 Meg 现在介绍 CarPlay 该应用改变了 iPhone 用户的驾驶体验 它使用户能够以更智能、更安全的 方式在汽车中使用喜爱的 app CarPlay 无处不在 非常受欢迎 （在美国的可用性高达 97%） 在美国 几乎每一辆新车均支持该功能 在全球 该功能可用于 超过 80% 的新售出汽车 并快速成为许多用户的默认车内体验 人们热爱 CarPlay 我们获得了非常热情的回应 （《华尔街日报》的 Joanna Stern 发布了推文） Joanna Stern 说 这使她的生活品质有了“极大提升” 我们在 iOS 14 中加入了一些很棒的更新 首先 我们新增了 非常适合汽车的新壁纸选项 我们加入了对 CarPlay app 的新类别的支持 停车、电动汽车充电和快速点餐 除此之外 我们对转型的下一步 感到非常兴奋 即通过重新思考车钥匙来转变 你与汽车的关系 车钥匙已存在了一百多年 但它们正变得又大又笨重 重新思考的时机已到 为了让你进一步了解我们的计划 我们现在去车库 让 Emily Schubert 来聊一聊 谢谢你 Craig 我很高兴 为大家介绍数码车钥匙 现在你可以将钥匙留在家里 通过 iPhone 即可解锁和启动你的汽车 支持这一功能的首款汽车 为新的 2021 年款 BMW 5 系 我来介绍一下其工作原理 这超级简单 它使用了 NFC 只需轻点即可解锁 我将手机放在充电板上 然后按下以启动 但这不仅仅是让你的 口袋里少放了一件东西 数码钥匙具有安全优势 它们基于你的 iPhone 的安全元件 如果手机丢失 你可以通过 iCloud 远程关闭你的钥匙 它们甚至比物理钥匙更易于分享 无需去经销商门店复制钥匙 你可以在任何地方 通过 iMessage 来分享钥匙 让我们给 Craig 一把钥匙 这样他就可以在我们介绍完后开车回家 对于你分享的每把钥匙 你可以设置选项 就像是限制驾驶的参数配置文件 这非常适合青少年司机 虽然我很想这么做 但我们还是给 Craig 提供全部驾驶权限吧 全部驾驶权限？谢谢 Emily 新款 BMW 将于下个月向客户推出 除了将这一功能加入到 iOS 14 以外 我们也将在 iOS 13 中启用此功能 所以 客户能在更早地使用数码车钥匙 当然 我们希望这些功能适用于任何汽车 所以我们致力于与行业团体一起制定标准 这只是一个开始 我们正在开发技术 这将利用到我们的 U1 芯片 它将利用超宽频技术 来实现精确的空间感知 所以即使将 iPhone 放在包或口袋中 也能够安全地解锁和启动汽车 我们有望在来年的汽车中 看到对于这一标准功能的支持 现在 我们前往 App Store 12 年前 我们通过推出 App Store 彻底改变了行业 目前 我们有许多出色的功能 可为你提供一套丰富的体验 我们可以肯定地说 不管你想做什么 “总有一款 app 能帮到你” 现在是时候延伸 App Store 的成功 并使用户能以 全新的方式拥有和使用 app 如果你在某个时刻能获得你所需要的 app 那会怎么样？ 我们来看看如果真能这样 会是什么情况 当今世界 无论你做什么事 总有一款 app 能帮到你 可当你需要某款 app 却又没有那款 app 时 那又该怎么办？ 比如当你需要交停车费时 现在 App Clip 能帮到你 你看 新的咖啡馆 有一款 App Clip 能帮到你 （BLUE BOTTLE COFFEE） 或者朋友给你发了条信息 附件是你喜欢的画作 有一款 App Clip 能帮到你 那看起来真好看 想在附近找地方吃饭？用 App Clip 你吃得很健康 看 有辆电动滑板车 我们骑上去兜风吧 没错，用 App Clip 就对了 冰淇淋  等等，它还没有 App Clip 吗？ 很快它就会有属于自己的 App Clip 了 还有这个 App Clip 是 app 的一小部分 它轻便快捷 易于发现 可以让你快速得到你想要的东西 App Clips 的一切都是为速度而设计的 首先是这张快速弹出的卡 只要轻点一下 你就能启动 App Clip 你无需输入信用卡号码 因为 App Clips 支持使用 Apple Pay 付款 你也不需要手动登录账号 因为它支持通过 Apple 登录 App Clips 不会挤满你的主界面 它只会在你需要用到它时出现 但你可以在全新的 App 资源库里 轻松找到最近使用过的 App Clips 下载完整版的 app 总是容易的 而这也让 App Clips 成了 探索 App Store 的简易方法 而“探索”就是关键 App Clips 让你在需要用到某款 app 时 可以获得它的一部分功能 所以我们必须让它变得易于被发现 （Safari 浏览器） 你可以在浏览器里 轻松探索和启动 App Clips 当朋友给你分享信息时 你可以在信息里启动 App Clips 当你想在地图里点外卖时 你可以直接从地点信息卡里 启动 App Clips 你可以在现实世界中的物品 比如停车计费器上 轻触 NFC 标签 或者你可以扫描 所购物品上的二维码来启动 App Clips 探索 App Clips 最好的方式就是通过 Apple 新设计的 App Clips 码 当你看到它时 你就知道有款 App Clip 在等着你了 它们结合了视觉编码和 NFC 所以你可以轻点 或用相机扫描以启动 App Clip App Clips 非常适合 已经拥有 app 的企业 但我们想随时随地使用 App Clips 包括在尚未拥有 app 的小型商家 所以我们可以让 Yelp 这种支持多商家的 app 为每个与他们合作的地方 创建 App Clip 体验 开发人员会使用 Xcode 和 SDK 的全部性能 来从 app 的一部分创建 App Clips 为保证它们能够快速启动 它们的大小必须小于10MB 这就是 App Clips 支持即刻被发现 体积小巧以便能够快速启动 融入 Apple Pay 以实现轻松付款 通过 Apple 登录 实现快速且私密的登录体验 你还可以选择 从 App Store 上下载完整版 app 以便长期保留 我们等不及要看 开发人员创建出来的各种 App Clips 了 这就是 iOS 14 它是会改变 iPhone 核心体验的 一个重大版本 主屏幕上有着重新设计的小组件 还有全新的 App 资源库帮助你整理 app 它给一些最受欢迎的 app 进行了很棒的升级 对信息和地图做出了重大改进 而且推出了使用 app 的全新方式 也就是 App Clips 接下来要介绍的是 iPadOS 嘿 我们赶上了 好了 我们开始吧 iPadOS 建立在 iOS 强大的性能之上 同时加入了一些独特功能 为 iPad 创建出色的体验 比如用 Apple Pencil 记笔记、标记和绘图 设计一新的触控板体验 让你以全新方式与 iPad 互动 在 iPad Pro 里 通过 ARKit 和激光雷达扫描仪 享受无与伦比的增强现实体验 这一切都让 iPad 变得独一无二 iPad 善于支持 “每一种输入端” 并且是一款“无所不能的产品” 因此 我们也会在今年发布 全新的 iPadOS 14 我们先从“体验”开始说起 今年 iPadOS 会借助 iPad 巨大的多点触控显示屏 来呈现专为 iPad 设计的独特功能 iPad 总是和 app 息息相关 一开始时 我们专注为 iPhone app 的生态系统提供 一个较大的画面 好让它们可以提供新颖独特的体验 这迅速激发了一系列全新 app 的诞生 它们先为 iPad 而设计 有着令人沉浸的体验 能够将一片充满魔力的玻璃 转变成你想要的任何东西 今天的 App Store 有超过 一百万个 app 专为 iPad 而设计 对此我们深感自豪 由于客户不断地将 iPad 的使用 推向前所未有的高度 因此我们将扩展 iPad 的设计语言 简化各种 app 而且让它们变得更强大 为了让你一睹这些功能提升 我会把这里交给 Josh Shaffer 谢谢 Craig 来看看 iPadOS 都提升了什么吧 你会注意到的第一件事是 你在 iOS 14 所看到的 一些重新设计的小组件 它们在 iPad 上也显得很好看 任何时候回到主屏幕时 它们都能带来信息概览 来看看 app 里的改进吧 从照片开始 iPad 是浏览你照片的最佳设备 它巨大的画面 能让你沉浸在所有喜爱的回忆里 而今年 通过一个全新的边栏 我们使浏览和整理照片 变得更便捷了 我只需轻点这个按钮 就可以显示边栏 App 里的所有核心功能都在同一个地方里 我的照片依然在最核心的位置上 现在我可以通过轻点 快速在 app 里的各个功能中切换 这个边栏真的是整理照片的绝佳方式 我可以轻易地把照片拖动到边栏 然后可以把它放添加到相簿 我们把这个边栏 引入了 iPadOS 的很多 app 里 比如备忘录 它可以让你快速且简单地访问所有文件夹 在文件 app 里 我们将导航整合至边栏 以取得简化的新设计 我们也简化了工具栏 添加了新的下拉式菜单 它将功能都整合成了 单一且易于访问的按钮 我只需像这样轻点就可以切换视图 想要更快访问的话 我可以轻点并拖动以改变排列顺序 一个操作就搞定 你会在其他 app 里发现到 一样的方法 比如在日历里 我们将控制键带到了顶部的单一工具栏 为你的内容提供了更多空间 也提供了一个统一的位置 让你可以访问 app 里的所有功能 最后 音乐 app 已经升级 以便可以更好地利用 iPad 的大屏幕 音乐 app 里的边栏使切换视图变得容易 我可以在 Listen Now 和播放列表之间快速跳转 一旦我开始播放歌曲 我就可以调出全新的全屏播放程序 在那里 我可以看到 缤纷的专辑封面、控制键和歌词 它们全在一个视图里 这些只是一部分将会来到 iPadOS 的对于 app 的 功能提升 我们真的很喜欢这些 app 的新设计 但不仅如此 就从 Siri 开始说起 在 iOS 14 里 你所听说的 Siri 新简洁设计 在 iPad 里特别实用 结果会出现在右下角位置 允许你在调用 Siri 时 更容易地使用 app 我们也把同样的方法 应用到了体验的其他方面 比如来电 今时今日 当你在 iPad 收到来电时 你会看到这个 无论你当时在做什么 都会被呼入来电的屏幕 完全覆盖 这可不行 如果你看到的是这个 是不是好多了？ 没错 这样好多了 现在 呼入来电会以简洁的通知方式显示 不会打断你当前的操作 你只需轻点以接听 或者轻扫以忽略 这也适用于所有来电 包括从你的 iPhone 打来的 或者从第三方 VolP app 如 Skype 打来的 当然 我们也会将这个带到 iOS 我们觉得 iPhone 用户会喜欢这个的 今年 我们还有一个 为 iPad 重新设计的重要体验 那就是搜索 今天的搜索是一个全屏体验 有时候 这会让你忘记当前操作的进展 所以我们为搜索带来了全新、简洁的设计 你可以从任何地方开始搜索 比如说从主屏幕 或者任何 app 这能让你轻松找到想要的东西 而不会让你觉得 好像脱离了正在使用的 app 但我们绝非只是重新设计了它 我们彻底重建了搜索 将它变为 Universal 这里可以一站式满足你的一切搜索需求 首先 我们将它变成 一个更好的 app 启动器 只要开始输入一些字符 你就可以立即打开想要的 app 它在寻找要发信息或呼叫的 联系人时非常好用 寻找文件也是 你甚至可以在 app 里直接搜索 比如 Keynote 讲演、 信息、邮件或文件 app 或者查找关于人们或地点的信息 它也是你开启所有网络搜索的绝佳地方 只要你一开始输入 就会得到相关建议来完成你搜索 而你可以通过一个轻点 去往你的网络搜索结果 现在的搜索 让你轻松导航至所喜爱的网站 就和启动 app 一样容易 只需输入几个字母 出现的首个结果 就会直接将你带到 Safari 浏览器 这些就是我们 iPad 体验的几个升级 当然 你也会得到新的小组件 以及所有 iOS 14 所包含的 app 功能提升 接下来 我们要提升你表达创意能力 请看 Apple Pencil 的改进 Apple Pencil 是变革性的工具 它将 iPad 变成了一个专业的绘图画板 一个标记和签署文件的绝佳方式 以及一个终极的记笔记设备 在使用 Apple Pencil 记笔记这方面 绝大多数人最爱的一点就是 他们可以通过自由发挥来表达自己 将手写和绘图混在一起 可能是捕捉你想法的最佳方式 可问题出现在你之后想更改东西时 使用手写不像键入文本那样简单 我们有时会觉得很理所应该 但键入文本非常容易取词 复制和粘贴去另一份文件 甚至可以为更多文字腾出空间 可今年 我们会让手写变得一样容易 一样强大 不过不只是这样 我们的用户告诉我们 一旦他们手上握着 Apple Pencil 他们就不想再放下了 所以今年 我们把涂文字带到了 iPad 上 这样你就可以在任何文本框手写了 它会自动转换成文本 为了向你展示如何做到这一切 我很荣幸邀请到了 Jenny Chen 来进行现场演示 多谢你 Craig 我非常激动 接下来将向各位展示 Apple Pencil 和 iPadOS 今年的新功能 用 Apple Pencil 做笔记 一个很大的优点 就是你可以自由自在地发挥 我可以在屏幕任何地方下笔 而且不只是文字 我还可以通过绘画和图形来表达自己 但有时你希望可以营造出那种 更加专业、工整的感觉 所以 现在当我画一个简单的图形时 在收笔前稍作停留的话 它就会被转换成那种完美的形状 我们在设计上很巧妙 它会保留同样的尺寸 以及你绘制时的角度 除了图形之外 我们也在手写识别方面取得了显著进展 现在我书写的时候可以轻易进行选取 只需使用与在键入文本时同样的手势 我可以轻点两下 来选取一个字 或者再轻点两下 选取一整行 多亏了我们先进的设备端机器学习技术 你会注意到我们可以选取你的手写内容 同时避开周围的图画 在选取好了之后 我可以很容易就改变颜色 或者移动到文档的任何位置 我也可以不费吹灰之力 就腾出空间来书写更多内容 我们认为这会让用 Apple Pencil 记笔记 变得更加好用 现在 当你想要做其他事情时 你甚至都不需要将笔放下 譬如你想要在 Safari 浏览器 搜索“Edison bulbs” 我可以利用涂文字直接在文本框书写 （EDISON BULBS） 手写内容就会自动被转换成键入文本 这种功能在任何文本框都可以使用 我可以把一个新提醒事项 轻松添加到我和我丈夫的共享提醒事项中 我也一直在学习中文 我想秀一下我的学习进展和汉语能力 给他个惊喜 我会划掉来删除“灯” 然后我会利用涂文字用英文写“新” 后面跟着中文的“灯具” 你会注意到涂文字可以在一行之中 同时识别英文和中文 很棒的一点是 我们可以以这项技术为基础 从而推出其他超赞的功能 譬如数据探测器 我们可以自动检测到你书写的内容 譬如电话号码 这样我就能拨打电话 或者地址 这样我就可以查询路线 把这些功能融合在一起 我们可以用手写输入做更多事情 譬如我想在另一个 app 上 使用我手写的文字 我可以选取我想要的内容 轻点调出菜单中的“复制为文本” 然后在 Pages 文稿这样的 app 中粘贴 内容会被自动转换成键入文本 这些了不起的新功能让我们感到很兴奋 如此一来 你可以用 Apple Pencil 做更多事情 多谢你了 Jenny 刚才为大家介绍的是 Pencil 的改进 新发布的精彩功能不止于此 在任何文本框都可以进行涂文字输入 手写记录笔记的一个全新的方法 对于 app 体验的广泛提升 当然了 iPad 用户也能从 iOS 14 已经拥有的那些很棒的功能 以及我们没有时间详谈的很多功能中受益 这就是 iOS 和 iPadOS 接下来 我们来聊一下 AirPods 从一键设置 到和你全部的设备自动配对 到摘下它们时暂停播放 人们对于 AirPods 所带来的神奇体验 深爱不已 现在我们给 AirPods 带来了更多神奇功能 有请 Mary-Ann Ionascu 来为大家详细介绍 谢谢 Craig AirPods 会出现一些很棒的更新 我们先从自动切换说起 AirPods 现在可以在设备之间无缝切换 无需手动操作 譬如你刚刚听完播客 你拿起 iPad 打算看个节目 AirPods 会神奇地切换过去 之后你在 Mac 上开视频会议 AirPods 会再一次自动切换过去 如果有一通电话打进来 AirPods 的音频会切换回手机上 AirPods Pro 还会为你带来一项 非常激动人心的新功能 空间音频功能 众所周知 身处电影院中 体验的是先进环绕音响系统 在那里 声音不止从你面前 还会从左边、右边和后面 甚至从头顶发出来 我们很兴奋可以将同样令人沉浸的体验 带到 AirPods Pro 上 但实现起来要比想象中困难很多 因为每只耳朵上只能佩戴一只耳机 所以 我们的团队为 AirPods Pro 创造了一种先进的空间音频功能算法 来复制影院体验 通过加入定向音频过滤器 以及对每个耳朵所接受的频率进行微调 我们几乎可以让声音 从空间的任何位置发出来 并创造一种令人沉浸的音频体验 但为了真正达成这种效果 我们需要将真实情景考虑在内 首先 人们的脑袋不会纹丝不动 要想实现真实的环绕声音体验 你需要声场保持在固定的位置 这样才会感觉声音来自于演员 而不是空间中随便一个地方 所以我们用了 AirPods Pro 上的 加速感应器和陀螺仪 来追踪头部的动作 并重新映射声场 这样它就会与设备牢牢固定在一起 就算你的头部移动也没关系 而会移动的不止是你的头部 你还可能会移动你的 iPad 或者 iPhone 这是为何我们会不断比对 头部和屏幕的动作数据 来了解它们是如何相对移动的 所以 就算你乘坐的公交车转弯 或者飞机倾斜机身 声音仍然会保持同步 这样就能为你带来环绕声音的体验 让你保持身临其境的感觉 无论你去往何处 AirPods Pro 的空间音频功能适用于 5.1 或 7.1 声道编码的内容 甚至包括杜比全景声 谢谢你 Mary-Ann 我体验过空间音频功能 我觉得你们都会对其爱不释手的 好 接下来我们要去 Fitness Center 来听听 Kevin 所带来的 关于 watchOS 的最新更新 多谢了 Craig Apple Watch 推出之后 这个产品完全重新定义了 手表能做什么 这项工作对我们来说意义非凡 Apple Watch 不仅帮你 与关心的人紧密联系 并保有活力 它还成为了你健康的智能守护者 可以给你做心电图 进行摔倒检测 并替你拨打紧急服务电话 它对你的生活的影响 在五年前是不可想象的 Apple Watch 的厉害之处 不仅在于其内置的功能 还在于开发者为你实现了个性化订制 我们在 watchOS 6 中引入了 App Store 至今已有超过两万个 watchOS app 可以下载 这些 app 让你最关心的信息 只需扫一眼表盘即可获知 在 watchOS 7 中 我们做到了更进一步 从复杂功能开始 以往 一个 app 只能同时出现在表盘上的一个位置 在 watchOS 7 中 开发者可以开启 多个复杂功能 制作更加丰富的个性化表盘 如果你冲浪时喜欢用 Dawn Patrol app 你可以创建一个你自己的冲浪手表 来显示水温、海浪大小和风速预测 为你最爱的海滩来显示这些数据 新手父母用户可以使用 Glow Baby app 在一个表盘上就可以查看宝宝 小睡、更换尿布以及喂奶时间 Nike Run Club app 可以显示诸如配速等 上次跑步的数据 以及你每周的跑步目标 我们也把丰富的复杂功能 带到了更多的表盘上 包括全新计时码表表盘 它集成了测速仪 以及更新过的大文字表盘 巨大、丰富的复杂功能显示在中间 配置表盘这项功能被重新设计 这样你就可以容易地选取想要看到的信息 开发者可以通过 watchOS 7 用原生 SwiftUI 构建丰富的复杂功能 虽然配置表盘有如此多的的方式 你可能不知要从何下手 没关系 在 watchOS 7 之中 我们让表盘共享变得超级容易 这样你就可以找到一块最适合你的表盘 因此，我们推出了表盘共享 你可以通过 App Store 发现 精选的第三方 app 的表盘 或者直接在网站上发现中意的表盘 或者直接从朋友或家人那里 接收所共享的表盘 我们来看看这是怎样实现的 当你看到喜欢的表盘 可以按下“Add Apple Watch Face” 如果表盘上会用到一些 你还没有下载的 app 这些 app 都会在这里显示出来 这样你喜欢，就可以下载它们 新的表盘就会出现在你的手表上 如果你想共享你自己创建的表盘 也很简单 只要长按表盘 轻点“共享” 然后选择一个联系人发送就好 开发者可以在他们的 app 上提供 事先配置好的表盘 你甚至可以在社交媒体上共享表盘 这样能利于 Apple Watch 用户之间 连接互动 并帮助彼此发现所有 Apple Watch 可以带来的惊喜 接下来 我们来了解一下地图 地图很适合步行、开车以及公交出行 正如同 iOS 14， watchOS 现在 也可以提供骑行导航 你会看到各种路线 所提供的信息包括时间、距离 以及是否有自行车专用道 你可以预览行程时间、海拔变化 并通过直观易读的分段路向指示进行导航 地图指示你下车推车行走 甚至采取爬楼梯路线 以便节省时间 你也可以搜索并添加 为骑车人优化过的地点 譬如自修车修车店 （已到达贝克海滩） 现在我们要聊一聊我们是如何将 体能训练做得更好的 请欢迎 Julz Arney 谢谢你 Kevin 体能训练 app 使用经过巧妙调节过的算法 来追踪训练的各个方面 这是 Apple Watch 上 使用率最高的 app 之一 我们每年都会向 app 中 添加新的健身方式 在 watchOS 7 上 我们加入了舞蹈 舞蹈是全身性的运动 对你的心脏非常有利 让你的身材和柔韧性都变好 你也一定会乐在其中 无论你是跳街舞、拉丁舞、宝莱坞舞蹈 或者只是有氧舞蹈 体能训练 app 现在都能追踪 一些世界上最流行的健身舞蹈风格 精确计算舞蹈消耗的卡路里数 是一项独特的挑战 手臂动作不会总是重复 或者与腿部动作协调一致 就像跑步与行走一样 解决方案是使用高级传感器融合 在舞蹈中 我们把来自加速感应器 与陀螺仪的数据结合在一起 来监测只有手部动作… 只有下半身动作… 或者全部动作都加起来 整个身体都在跳舞之间的区别 然后我们会加入心率数据 从而得出最准确的卡路里燃烧计算 watchOS 7 也可以在核心训练中 精确追踪卡路里消耗 比如腹肌和背部训练 功能性力量训练 一种帮助你增强体力 并且让你的日常活动更加自如的体能训练 以及整理放松 附加在其他训练之上 用轻松的动作和拉伸来继续运动 让你的心跳和呼吸回归正常 当然 追踪这些新的训练方式的进展情况 可以在 iPhone 的健身记录 app 中进行 这个 app 在 watchOS 7 中 被完全重新设计 此 app 现在推出了新的摘要标签 让你可以很容易就看到活动记录 体能训练与趋势 全都集中在一页 因为关注点转向了简易浏览和摘要数据 这个 app 也有了一个新的名字 健身 现在把画面交还给你 Kevin 多谢了 Julz Apple Watch 不仅能帮你达到健身目标 还可以支持你的健康 在经期跟踪、呼吸 app、噪声提示 这些功能的辅助下 我们今年会在 watchOS 7 上 添加更多新的功能 今天我们想要跟你们分享几个 从 Apple Watch 上呼声最大的功能开始 追踪你的睡眠状况 让 Vera Carr 来讲讲这个功能 谢谢你 Kevin 追踪睡眠状况有很多种方式 分数、高级监测 或者睡眠周期分析 我们在睡眠上采取了更加全面的方法 利用你每天都在使用的设备 不仅可以追踪你的睡眠 而且可以支持你达到你的睡眠时间目标 首先 你不仅可以选择早上何时起床 也可以选择何时入睡 对我们大多数人来讲 设定目标很容易 按时入睡才是难题 专家声称 建立一个睡前习惯 可以帮助身体从清醒状态转换到入睡状态 正因为如此 我们推出了助眠 它可以通过尽量减少干扰 来帮助你准时上床 并创造个性化的睡前习惯 我们来看看具体是怎样的 在晚间 你的入睡时间之前 你的手机会显示助眠屏幕 在你入睡前帮助你酝酿睡意 它会创建一个令人平静的锁屏体验 并且替你打开勿扰模式 你也可以设置快捷指令 加入一些能帮助你入睡的简单事情 比如使用你最喜欢的冥想 app 或播放令人放松的音乐 一旦到了睡眠时间 你的屏幕会变暗 你的手表就会进入睡眠模式 就像这样一样 屏幕在你睡眠期间会关闭 所以不会对你造成打扰 轻点一下就会出现如此简约的表盘 当起床时间到了的时候 你可以选择轻柔但有效的闹铃 或者无声的仅有触感的起床闹铃 这样你就不会打扰到枕边人 当你起床后 你会看到一则友好的问候 带领你慢慢进入新的一天 （早安） 上面还会显示电量 这样你就会记得在早上充电 Apple Watch 追踪你的睡眠 用的是一种机器学习模型 可以感应到你的动作 甚至去理解你吸气呼气之间 所造成的微动作 提供你在入睡和清醒状态下的信号 我们在健康 app 中的睡眠状况区域 做了更新 包括查看你长久以来的趋势 睡眠计划、助眠以及睡眠模式 不需要手表也可以在安装 iOS 14 的 iPhone 上使用 我们知道你会在白天享受使用手表 如今你也会在晚上继续享受了 谢谢 Vera 除了让你保持身体健康的睡眠状况 还有另一项预防保健的功能 它非常重要 尤其是在现在 洗手 watchOS 7 里面 Apple Watch 是第一个能够自动检测 你何时开始洗手 以及感应你洗了多久的智能手表 我们采取的办法就是使用机器学习模式 来测定貌似是洗手的动作 然后使用音频来确定流水声 或往手上挤洗手液的声音 在此期间 你会得到一点小指导 来教你好好洗手 你会看到表盘上的倒计时 感应到触觉 听到声音 来确保你洗手的时间符合标准 如果你早早停下 Watch 会发出 礼貌的提醒 要你继续洗手 等你洗完手 你会看到、听到并感受到它 （干得漂亮） 这只是今年要问世的 watchOS 7 的 一部分功能而已 包括发现并共享表盘、新类型的体能训练 睡眠状况和洗手检测 还有其他类似 Siri 语言翻译的新功能 这就是 Apple Watch 大家再次欢迎 Craig 来讲讲对我们所有人都很重要的事 开始吧！ （隐私） 在 Apple 这里 我们相信 隐私是每个人的基本权利 于是从设计过程的最开始 我们就把它融入到了我们的产品里 如今 隐私具有着前所未有的重要性 因为我们的设备里 包含着我们最敏感的信息 我们所有的产品工作都建立在 一系列隐私原则的基础上 第一 数据最小化 我们使用创新性技术和工艺 将我们或其他任何人能获得的 私人数据最小化 第二 设备端智能技术 我们避免数据收集 方法就是尽可能在你的设备上 处理你的信息 而不是把它发给服务器 第三 安全 安全保护是我们为隐私所做的 一切努力的基础 最后是透明度和管控 这能帮助大家更好地理解被收集的数据 这样大家就能自己选择该如何使用该数据 这些原则凝聚在我们的产品中 在我们的硬件、软件和服务中， 最终 这些原则会带来更强的隐私保护 和极大的易用性 这方面的一个有力例证就是 通过 Apple 登录 它的设计目的是为了追求简洁 安全和隐私 自从我们去年发布它之后 用户们已经创建了超过两亿个账户 遍及各种 app 和网站 开发者们使用它时看到了强大的使用价值 比如说 Kayak app 整合了 通过 Apple 登录功能 发现比起通过其他登录方式 其用户现在使用它的可能性 翻了一倍 现在 关于通过 Apple 登录 我们经常听到的一点 就是人们希望他们能转换现有的账户 变成使用通过 Apple 登录 今年我们会让开发者们实现 大家的这个愿望 当大家升级时 你们就能使用 通过 Apple 登录并享受其内置的安全 同时保留大家已有的账户 今年是我们产品隐私性能提高的 又一个重要年度 现在有请 Katie Skinner 和 Erik Neuenschwander 做更多讲解 谢谢 Craig 首先我们先来讲讲定位 今年我们将继续给予大家更多管控权 除了分享你的精确定位的选项 你将能够选择只和 app 分享 你的大致位置 我们也将对麦克风和相机做出改变 这样用户永远知道何时在进行录制 除了要求用户许可 今年我们要为目前或最近使用麦克风 或相机添加更多可视性 所以如果一个 app 使用了其中之一 状态栏里会显示这点 接下来我们来讲讲跟踪功能

