# WWDC 2025 — June 9 ｜ Apple

### ACTION FIGURES RATTLING

> **EN:** [AIRPODS ACTIVE NOISE CANCELLATION ACTIVATED] [CAR ENGINE REVVING] Yeah! I’m in the lead! You're the only one out there, Craig. [CAR RACING] I've gotta save my tires. What for? I don't know. It's just what they say. [CAR ZOOMING] If I can just hold this line, I can find... inner peace. [APPLE WATCH LOUD NOISE NOTIFICATION DINGS] [CAR ZOOMING] So glad they put CarPlay in this beast. [CAR ZOOMING] You’re losing time on turn six, Craig. It’s kind of all turns, Tim. F1, baby! Yes, F1, baby. [BUTTONS CLICKING]
> **ZH:** [玩偶摇晃跌倒] [AirPods 主动降噪功能开启] [赛车引擎轰鸣声] 耶！我领先了！ 就你一个，全指望你了，Craig [赛车疾驰声] 我得省着点用轮胎 为什么？ 不知道，他们就是这么说的 [赛车加速向前] 如果能守住现在的路线，我就能达到... 内心的平静 [Apple Watch 噪声提示音] [赛车加速向前] 连这台猛兽也能用 CarPlay 车载，太棒了 [赛车加速向前] 你在六号弯慢了，Craig 这里几乎都是弯道，Tim 这是 F1，朋友！ 没错，就是 F1，朋友 [按下按钮] [纸张飞散] 进站，进站，进站

### PAPERS FLYING

> **EN:** Box, box, box. Okay, okay. Bringin’ it home. It was supposed to be a quick lap, not a therapy session. But I feel so much better.
> **ZH:** [按下按钮] [纸张飞散] 进站，进站，进站 行，行 搞定 你是来刷圈速的，还是来遛弯的 反正我感觉好多了

### SOLAR PANELS FLIPPING OVER

> **EN:** Good morning. Welcome to Apple Park. And welcome to WWDC. As you can tell, we’re getting ready for the release of F1. This incredible Apple Original film premieres in theaters on June 27, and we can't wait for you to see it. F1 is one of the most thrilling, high-energy movies I’ve ever watched. It continues our commitment to deliver the very best in entertainment, made by the world’s most creative storytellers. And we're incredibly proud that Apple TV+ has once again been ranked number one in quality programming for four straight years. This is truly amazing! As you know, WWDC is a special time of year and an important moment for us to celebrate our global developer community. We believe deeply in providing developers with the newest tools and technologies to help them do their very best work. And there’s no better place to do that than WWDC. Today, we’ll unveil some exciting new innovations. And over the course of the week, we’ll take a deeper dive with over 100 sessions, as well as labs led by Apple engineers, providing valuable technical and design guidance. By presenting WWDC online and for free, we’re able to share all of this with millions and millions of developers around the world. The apps that developers create continue to make a profound impact on all of our lives. And these experiences are going to get even better with some big announcements for all of our platforms. So to get us started, here's Craig. [CAR LOCK BEEPS] We have so much to cover today. I’m going to start with two things that are foundational to our platforms. First is Apple Intelligence. Last year, we took the first steps on a journey to bring you intelligence that’s most helpful and relevant for you. Like Writing Tools, available virtually anywhere you type, Genmoji and Image Playground, so you can express yourself in fun ways, Clean Up, so you can remove distractions from your photos, and Visual Intelligence, which builds on Apple Intelligence so you can easily explore your surroundings. Apple Intelligence also made it easy for you to find a photo or video just by describing it in natural language. Create a memory movie with a simple description, summarize emails, notifications, and notes to quickly get the gist, craft your response with a single tap using Smart Reply, and more. And we delivered all of this while taking an extraordinary step forward for privacy in AI with Private Cloud Compute, which extends the privacy of your iPhone into the cloud so no one else can access your data, not even Apple. We also introduced enhancements that make Siri more natural and more helpful. And as we’ve shared, we’re continuing our work to deliver the features that make Siri even more personal. This work needed more time to reach our high quality bar, and we look forward to sharing more about it in the coming year. This year, we're expanding the languages supported by Apple Intelligence. We're making the generative models that power Apple Intelligence more capable and more efficient. And we're continuing to tap into Apple Intelligence in more places across our ecosystem. Throughout today's presentation, you'll see new Apple Intelligence features that elevate your experiences across iPhone, Apple Watch, Apple Vision Pro, Mac, and iPad. Plus, this year, we’re doing something new, and we think it's gonna be pretty big. We’re opening up access for any app to tap directly into the on-device large language model at the core of Apple Intelligence with a new Foundation Models framework. This gives developers direct access to intelligence that's powerful, fast, built with privacy, and available even when you’re offline. We think this will ignite a whole new wave of intelligent experiences in the apps you use every day. For example, if you’re getting ready for an exam, an app like Kahoot! can create a personalized quiz from your notes to make studying more engaging. And because it uses on-device models, this happens without cloud API costs. Or perhaps you're camping off-grid, poring over the hikes you downloaded to AllTrails. Just describe what you're in the mood for, and AllTrails can use our on-device models to suggest the best option. We couldn't be more excited about how developers can build on Apple Intelligence to bring you new experiences that are smart, available when you're offline, and that protect your privacy. Now, there’s another piece of our platform story this year, and it's a big one. In fact, it’s the kind of project that only comes along about once per decade. It’s a gorgeous new design that feels effortless to use. Our last major redesign was iOS 7. Back then, we were inspired by the recent emergence of Retina displays and the amazing power of our A6 silicon. Well, a lot has changed. Apple silicon has become dramatically more powerful, enabling software materials and experiences we once could only dream of. And our devices have become even more vital to our daily lives, with more apps available than ever. Our products are also more frequently being used together as you move across them throughout your day. The stage is set for something new that will enable great experiences for years to come. Let's take a look. Software is the heart and soul of our products. It brings them to life, shapes their personality, and defines their purpose. At Apple, we’ve always believed it’s the deep integration of hardware and software that makes interacting with technology intuitive, beautiful, and a joy to use. iOS 7 introduced a simplified design built on distinct layers, smooth animations, and new colors. It redefined our design language for years to come. Now, with the powerful advances in our hardware, silicon, and graphics technologies, we have the opportunity to lay the foundation for the next chapter of our software. Today, we're excited to announce our broadest design update ever. Our goal is a beautiful new design that brings joy and delight to every user experience, one that's more personal and puts greater focus on your content, all while still feeling instantly familiar. And for the first time, we’re introducing a universal design across our platforms. This unified design language creates a more harmonious experience as you move between products while maintaining the qualities that make each unique. Inspired by the physicality and richness of visionOS, we challenged ourselves to make something purely digital feel natural and alive, from how it looks to how it feels as it dynamically responds to touch. To achieve this, we began by rethinking the fundamental elements that make up our software, and it starts with an entirely new expressive material we call Liquid Glass. With the optical qualities of glass and a fluidity that only Apple can achieve, it transforms depending on your content or even your context and brings more clarity to navigation and controls. It beautifully refracts light and dynamically reacts to your movement with specular highlights. This material brings a new level of vitality to every aspect of your experience. From the smallest elements you interact with to larger ones, it responds in real time to your content and your input, creating a more lively experience that we think you’ll find truly delightful. Elements once considered for rectangular displays have been redesigned to fit perfectly concentric with the rounded corners of the hardware. This establishes greater harmony between our software and hardware, for thoughtfully considered groups of controls freeing up valuable space for your content. Liquid Glass is translucent and behaves just like glass in the real world. Its color is informed by your content and intelligently adapts between light and dark environments. And as a distinct functional layer that sits above your app, the material dynamically morphs when you need more options or as you move between views. We’ve applied this same dynamic nature across other experiences. Instead of taking over your whole display, alerts appear from where you tap. Context menus expand into an easily scannable list. When you scroll, tab bars shrink to elevate what’s in front of you, and they instantly come back the moment you scroll up. Your entire experience becomes more intuitive, from navigating apps to system experiences like the Lock Screen, notifications, and Control Center. App icons have been crafted with multiple layers of Liquid Glass and come to life in light mode, dark mode, colorful new tints, or an all new clear look. The new design extends to the Dock and even to your widgets, giving you an entirely new way to personalize your experience. We’ve always cared deeply about every detail of our software design. And it’s these moments of beauty, craft, and joy that bring our products to life. Our new design blurs the lines between hardware and software to create an experience that’s more delightful than ever while still familiar and easy to use. Today marks an exciting and beautiful new chapter for our design, one that sets the stage for our next era of our products and how you interact with them every day. We are so excited about this beautiful new design and the way it brings greater consistency to our platforms, which also gives us an opportunity to bring greater consistency to the way we name them. We’re unifying our version numbers across all our platforms. Our releases for the fall that will power us through the coming year, 2026, will be version 26. Today, we’ll be taking you through all of these, starting with iOS. iOS 26 is packed with intelligent experiences, meaningful improvements to the things you do every day, and a new design where we’ve also refreshed a number of system experiences and apps. Let’s dive in, starting from the moment you pick up your phone with the Lock Screen and Home Screen. The Lock Screen has been updated with the time and controls now made of Liquid Glass. And swiping up to your Home Screen is even more delightful with this beautiful glass edge and a new sense of responsiveness. We've crafted app icons from Liquid Glass. It makes them feel fresh while keeping them instantly identifiable. And it allows them to adapt, whether you use dark mode or one of our entirely new styles like our all-clear look. Let’s jump back to the Lock Screen, so you can see how we’ve made wallpapers more dynamic. I’ll switch to my Photo Shuffle wallpaper. And watch as I switch images. The time now fluidly adapts to the available space. Its San Francisco typeface has been uniquely crafted to dynamically scale the weight, width, and height of each numeral in order to nestle into the scene. And it doesn’t just adapt to the subjects of my photos. It also keeps the best part of my photo in view as new information comes in, like a message from a friend or an email from a colleague. And there's more. We love using personal photos as our Lock Screen wallpapers. Let me switch to another wallpaper to show you. With advanced computer vision techniques running on the Neural Engine, we generate a spatial scene from your 2D photos, creating a delightful 3D effect, bringing your favorite memories to life as you move your iPhone in your hand. Now, there's one last touch I really love when I'm listening to music. I can tap here and you'll see there's this gorgeous new way for artists to show off their album artwork. The animation interacts beautifully with the glass of the playback controls. Really nice. With gorgeous Liquid Glass that fluidly adapts, our captivating new spatial scenes, and our re-imagine Now Playing experience, the iconic Lock and Home Screens are more personal and expressive than ever. Next, let's talk about another essential part of the iPhone experience: Camera. With so many great features, it can sometimes be difficult to find the ones you want, especially when rushing to capture a shot. With iOS 26, we’re giving Camera a new, more intuitive design. A simplified and streamlined design elevates the two capture modes that you use most: photo and video. And all the powerful features that you love in Camera are just a tap away. For example, just swipe your finger left or right to reveal additional modes, like Cinematic mode or Portrait mode. And a simple swipe up lets you easily reach all your settings, like aspect ratio and timers. And it’s easier to change formats. All of the options become visible with a single tab, so you can quickly switch to 4K when you want to capture every detail. When you view your captures, the Photos app takes advantage of the gorgeous new design. Many of you missed using tabs in the Photos app. Photos now features separate tabs for Library and for Collections, where you’ll find your Favorites, your albums, and easy access to search. And the stunning 3D effect that you saw in the Lock Screen is available in Photos, so you can experience any of your photos as an incredible spatial scene. In Safari, we’ve kept familiar elements while creating a more immersive experience. Web pages now flow edge to edge to the very bottom of the screen, enabling you to see more of the page. The tab bar has been redesigned to float above the web page, and surfaces frequently-used actions like search and refresh. With a tap, Liquid Glass controls fluidly reveal other actions. As you scroll, the tab bar dynamically shrinks to put your content front and center. These dynamic controls also look great in FaceTime. When on a call, your most important controls now float on the bottom right and seamlessly recede when you don’t need them. We’ve also reimagined the FaceTime landing page. It’s now a space that celebrates your closest relationships with beautiful, personalized Contact Posters. Video messages play as you scroll so you can preview special moments that you may have missed. This updated experience also extends to your car with CarPlay. To tell you more, here's Emily. CarPlay is the smarter, safer way to use your iPhone while you drive. It’s used over 600 million times per day, and it’s a must-have feature all over the world. We have some great updates this year to make CarPlay more beautiful and even easier to use. With iOS 26, the new design extends into the car for a consistent, expressive experience while you drive. It brings updates across the whole system, including icons that look great in light or dark mode. We've also added new features to help keep you connected while driving, like a compact design when you get a call so you can still see what’s on the screen, like your upcoming directions, along with Tapbacks and pinned conversations in Messages. iOS 26 also gives you widgets in CarPlay. They're quick and glanceable ways to get information, which is perfect while driving, as well as Live Activities so you can stay on top of what’s important to you, like a friend's flight status, all done in a way to help you stay focused on the road. For developers, the same widgets and live activities that you've developed for iPhone work in CarPlay. And for the ultimate CarPlay experience, all of these updates also come to CarPlay Ultra. It's the very best of iPhone and your car, with a unified and consistent experience across all the driver's screens. The first vehicles launched last month bringing new ways to interact with features of your car. CarPlay Ultra lets you choose the layout and design of the most important information for you, and adds vehicle controls for features like the radio and climate right in the CarPlay experience. This is just the start of the CarPlay Ultra journey, with many more brands around the world working to bring this experience to market. We're so excited to work with different automakers, combining their unique look and feel, as well as vehicle features, with the power of iPhone. And now, back to you, Craig. So that's a quick look at some of the ways the new design elevates your experiences. Of course, this is just the start. iOS 26 also has a number of updates that will help you communicate, stay connected, and express yourself. To tell you more, here's Darin. The phone app is fundamental to the iPhone experience, so anything we can do to make it easier to use can have a big impact. This year, we’re giving you the option to choose a new unified layout that brings together your Favorites, Recents, and Voicemails, so your most-used features are right at your fingertips without having to switch views. Your Favorites stay front and center, so you can start a call with just a tap. Your Recents and Voicemails now appear in a single convenient list below, so you can easily scroll to see who reached out and what they said. And with Apple Intelligence, new voicemail summaries help surface the most important information. And at the bottom, your Contacts and the keypad are still just a tap away. This new intuitive layout makes it easier to navigate the app while feeling instantly familiar. We're also introducing a new way to help eliminate distractions like unwanted calls, which can get in the way of picking up the important calls we're waiting for. Now, when you receive a call from an unknown number, Call Screening helps you quickly gauge whether it’s something important or just another pesky telemarketer. Building on Live Voicemail, Call Screening automatically answers calls from unknown numbers, silently in the background. Once the caller shares their name and the reason for their call, your phone rings. And you can view their response and pick up or ignore. Hi! No, hold on. I’ll be down at the gate in a sec. We have another great experience to help you on your least favorite kind of call, one where you're put on hold. We know how frustrating it is to be stuck on hold for what feels like forever just to finally speak with a live agent. Well, get that time back with Hold Assist. With Hold Assist, the phone app can keep your spot in line while you wait for a live agent. Next time you’re stuck on hold, whether it’s because you’re changing your flight or dealing with utility bills, the Phone app automatically detects hold music and asks if you want it to wait for you. When you tap Hold, the music stops, but the call stays connected, so you can keep using your iPhone or even put it away and go about your daily routines. Don't worry. Once a live agent becomes available, we'll ring you to return to the call and let the agent know that you’ll be there shortly. So those are the exciting updates to the Phone app. Another way we stay connected on a daily basis is with Messages. Messages provides a shared space to express ourselves with the people that are closest to us. This year, we’re giving you an exciting new way to bring personality to those shared spaces with Backgrounds. When you select a background, it appears for everyone in the conversation to enjoy. You have a variety of dynamic, built-in backgrounds to choose from or select one of your own photos. And with Apple Intelligence, you can even generate your own backgrounds in Image Playground. Next, let's talk about group chats. Group chats are home to so many age-old questions, like, what weekend is everyone free? Instead of dealing with a flurry of responses, we’re introducing a delightful way to visualize what the people want with Polls. You can create a poll for anything. And with Apple Intelligence, messages can detect when a poll might come in handy and suggest one. Like if someone asks, where should we stay for our annual trip? And when your more particular friends don’t like the options, anyone in the group can contribute new ideas. Then watch as the votes roll in live. And groups are getting even better with Apple Cash. Now you can request, send, and receive Apple Cash to settle up on concert tickets or the dinner bill right from the group chat. We’re also bringing a highly-requested feature, typing indicators for your group chats, which lets you know who is about to chime in. We can’t wait to bring you these exciting updates to group chats. Just like in the Phone app, we’re bringing screening tools to Messages that help you eliminate distractions. New on-device spam detection gets spam out of your way. And for even more control, we’re introducing the ability for you to screen new senders. So your messages go from this, a list cluttered with spam and unknown numbers, to this, giving you total control over who appears in your conversation list. Unknown senders appear in a dedicated area where you can decide if you want to mark the number as known, ask for more information, or delete. Until you accept, messages from unknown senders will remain silenced and won't appear as notifications. Even with unknown senders turned on, you'll continue to see important time-sensitive messages, like your table is ready or a verification code. We’re excited for another big year for Messages. And now to tell you how Apple Intelligence is unlocking new ways to communicate. Here's Leslie. This year, we’re making everyday conversations more fun and more seamless. First, there are more ways to create the perfect emoji. Now, in addition to turning a text description into a Genmoji, you can mix together two emoji to create something new, like a sloth and a light bulb, for that moment when you’re the last one in the group chat to get the joke. You can even combine emoji with descriptions. So if you’re inviting your friends over for karaoke night, you can mix a woman emoji with a microphone and add a sequined jacket. And when you’re making images inspired by family and friends using Genmoji and Image Playgrounds, you have even more control. You have the option to change expressions, like making your friend look shocked or making them laugh. You can also adjust things like hairstyle, so the image matches your friend’s latest look. And in Image Playground, you can now make images using ChatGPT. In addition to existing styles, like Animation or Sketch, you have new ChatGPT styles, like an oil painting style for your friend’s Contact Poster, so you can see her elegant portrait every time she calls. And for moments when you have a specific idea in mind, tap Any Style and describe what you want, like a realistic image for a baby shower invitation. Image Playground sends your description or photos to ChatGPT and gets you a unique image. You're always in control, and nothing is shared with ChatGPT without your permission. And for developers, you can integrate these new capabilities into your apps with the Image Playground API. Now let’s talk about a feature we’re building across our communication apps: Translation. There are moments when you’d like to express an idea, question, or feeling, but a language barrier gets in the way. To help you communicate across languages, we're introducing Live Translation. With Apple Intelligence, Live Translation can translate conversations on the fly. It’s integrated into Messages, FaceTime, and Phone. And it's enabled by Apple-built models that run entirely on device. So your personal conversations stay personal. For instance, in Messages, Live Translation can automatically translate text for you. So if you’re making plans with some new friends while studying abroad, your message can be translated as you type and delivered in their preferred language. And when they respond, each text can be instantly translated for you. When you're catching up on FaceTime, you can follow along with translated live captions while you continue to hear your grandmother’s voice. [SPEAKING IN FRENCH] Listen, my darling,  add a layer of vanilla, and orange blossom water to the dough. That’s my secret. Oh right, yes! When you're on a phone call, your words are translated as you talk. And the translation is spoken out loud for the call recipients. Hi! Are you available to cater a wedding on December 6? [SPEAKING IN GERMAN] Hello, are you available for a wedding on the 6th of December? As they respond, you can hear a spoken translation of their voice. [SPEAKING IN GERMAN] Ah, yes. I would be very happy to help you. This works seamlessly, even when you call someone who doesn't have an iPhone. For developers, it’s easy to enable Live Translation for calls within your communication apps with a new API. So that's Live Translation, a powerful communication tool. Whether you're traveling abroad, collaborating at work or school, or simply catching up with the people who matter most to you. And now back to Craig. Beyond making it easier to stay connected, we’re also improving some of the Apple services you enjoy using on iPhone. To tell you all about them, here's Kathy. Let's start with Apple Music. We’re making it easier to fall in love with music from all around the world. First, we’re adding Lyrics Translation to help you understand the meaning behind your favorite songs. And Lyrics Pronunciation, so everyone can sing along to the music, regardless of language. We're also introducing AutoMix, which uses intelligence to seamlessly mix from one song to the next, like a DJ, time stretching and beat matching at the perfect moment. And finally, we’re making it faster and easier to get to the music you're into right now. With music pins, just pin your favorite artist, album, or playlist to the top of the library. Those are just some of the updates coming to Apple Music. Next, let's talk about Maps. In iOS 26, your iPhone can better understand your routines to improve your daily commute and help you remember great places you’ve been. Most of us regularly go between places like home, school, and work. And we often have a favorite route with quick stops along the way, like dropping the kids off or grabbing a cup of coffee. Your iPhone will now learn your preferred routes and offer them in Maps alongside other options. If your routine changes, your iPhone will adapt to it. And with the Maps widget, you can check your commute before you leave so you can get an idea of how long it’ll take. If there are significant delays, Maps will send you a notification with alternate route options, even if you didn’t start directions. So when you have that important meeting, you won’t be late due to an unexpected slowdown. If you’ve ever wanted to return to a great local business or park you went to in the past, or recommend it to a friend, but just can't remember the name, we're introducing Visited Places. You can choose to have your iPhone detect when you’re somewhere, like a restaurant or shop, and then view your Visited Places in the Maps library. Or simply search and share with a tap. Your Visited Places are easy to delete with a swipe and are protected with end-to-end encryption, so even Apple can't access them. That's a quick peek at Maps. Next, Wallet. Apple Wallet helps make your day-to-day interactions with the physical world that much easier. Car keys in Wallet provide an easy and secure way to lock, unlock, and start your car with your iPhone or Apple Watch. Adoption by automakers continues to grow rapidly, with over 20 brands already offering car keys in Wallet, and 13 more coming soon, including Acura, Porsche, and Tata. Now, let's talk about IDs. With driver’s licenses in Wallet, we’ve created the most private and secure way for you to present your identity. They’re currently available in nine states, plus Puerto Rico, with more to come. And starting this fall, you can create a Digital ID with your U.S. passport. While not a replacement for your physical passport, Digital ID can be used for domestic travel at supported TSA checkpoints, in apps, and in person where age and identity verification are required. And while at the airport, you’ll appreciate refreshed boarding passes in Wallet, which now include convenient access to indoor mapping that gets you around the airport quickly. Find My to track your bags right from the boarding pass and shareable live flight status, so loved ones can keep track of when you are landing. Next, Apple Pay. The easiest way to pay with privacy and security built in. Used by hundreds of millions of customers, it truly is a magical way to shop. And we’re adding more convenient ways for you to pay. In addition to using rewards and installments while shopping online with Apple Pay, you can now choose to redeem your points or pay with installments when you shop in person. Wallet is also the best place to track your Apple Pay orders. With Apple Intelligence, Wallet can now identify and summarize order tracking details beyond your Apple Pay orders. It will find emails sent by either merchants or delivery carriers and conveniently pull together your order details, order progress notifications, and more. All in one place, right in Wallet. So those are some seamless new ways Wallet can improve your interactions with the physical world. iOS 26 also brings new experiences to your games and the friends you play with. To tell you all about it, here’s Ann. People love playing games on iPhone. With stunning graphics powered by Apple silicon, the App Store's huge catalog and award-winning games on Apple Arcade, it’s no surprise that over half a billion people play games on their iPhone. So we're creating a new destination to help you get more out of your games, jump back into what you love, find your next favorite, and have even more fun with friends. Introducing the Games app. It starts with the Home tab, where you'll see what's most relevant for your games front and center, like updates and can’t-miss events in games you’re actively playing, and recommendations tailored just for you. There's a dedicated tab for Apple Arcade, where subscribers can access the whole catalog and the latest updates and releases. And over on the Library tab, you can see all the games you’ve ever downloaded from the App Store. You can easily jump back into the games you want to continue playing, whether in portrait or landscape. And it works great with a controller, making it easy to move from one game to the other. Next, head over to the Play Together tab to see what your friends are playing, compare scores and achievements, and invite them to play. We’re also making it easier to bring friends in on the fun with Challenges, a new way to compete with friends in score-based showdowns. You’ll find them in some of the most exciting games on the App Store, like Thronefall, where you can challenge your friends to see who can survive the most waves of enemies, and in popular Apple Arcade games like Skate City New York to compete on racking up the highest score in each week’s featured course. And for developers, challenges are built on top of Game Center leaderboards, so single-player games can be turned into fun competitions with friends, offering even more ways to rally a group, see scores in real time, crown a winner, and have a rematch. So that’s the Games app, your all-in-one destination for games and playing with friends. And now, back to Craig. We have one more update to iOS we want to tell you about today, and that’s a big update to Visual Intelligence. Visual Intelligence builds on Apple Intelligence to help you explore your surroundings. So you can simply press the Camera Control or Action button to pull up ratings for a cafe you walk by, or find sneakers similar to the ones you see when you’re out and about. It’s the fastest way to learn about the objects and places around you. And now we’re extending Visual Intelligence to your iPhone screen, so you can search and take action across your apps using anything you’re viewing. And we’ve designed it so you can tap into the capability of apps from across the App Store. To give you a closer look, here's Billy. Visual Intelligence makes it faster to do more with the content on your iPhone screen. And it works automatically with any app. Say I open a social media app and I see this great jacket. I want to know where I can get something like this. I can find out with Visual Intelligence and I can access it with a familiar gesture by pressing the same buttons I use to take a screenshot. Now at the top, I have screenshot controls like markup and share. At the bottom, I have Visual Intelligence tools like this image search button in the bottom right. I can tap here to find similar images on Google or other apps I use frequently. Thanks to Visual Intelligence, I know where to get a jacket like this. Let's keep scrolling. I dig this lamp, so I'll bring up Visual Intelligence. And now, I can highlight a search for similar lamps across my most used apps, like Etsy. And when I tap on a result I like, it takes me right into the app, so I can save this lamp to my favorites. Now I want to see what else is going on. Okay, suppose I come across an event I'm interested in, and I want to add it to my calendar. Visual Intelligence makes this easier than ever. Notice the Add to Calendar suggestion at the bottom? With Apple Intelligence, it can extract the date, time, and location and pre-populate them. I'll tap Create Event. Easy as that. I want to show you one last example. If I have a question about something on my screen, like this instrument, I can simply tap on the Ask button in the bottom left to ask ChatGPT, “Which rock songs is this instrument featured in?” I love that I can jog my memory like this without jumping between apps. And there it is. Just what I wanted to know. Visual Intelligence makes it easy for me to search across apps, take action, and ask questions. Now, back to Craig. So those are just a few examples of how Visual Intelligence makes it faster to do more with the content on your iPhone screen. For developers, you can use App Intents to integrate search capabilities from your apps into this experience. We’re also making it possible for you to search visually across your most-used apps using Visual Intelligence with the iPhone camera. So you can simply point your iPhone when you want to search the Anthropologie app for a cool item you spot at a cafe. We're excited for all the ways that Visual Intelligence will help you do more with what’s in front of you. So that's iOS 26. A stunning new design, Apple Intelligence capabilities integrated throughout the system, and improvements to the apps you use every day. And it includes many more features that are going to make your iPhone experience even better. Next, I’ll hand it over to David to tell you about the latest on WatchOS. Apple Watch is indispensable. whether using it to stay connected with friends, track a workout, or just live a healthy life. And with watchOS 26, we continue to push this further, with enhancements to many of the features you use every day. And as you heard earlier, it has the gorgeous new design with Liquid Glass to deliver a fresh look while maintaining the instant familiarity of watchOS. It brings a more expressive experience in places like the Smart Stack, the numerals of the Photos face, Control Center, and in-app navigation and controls while bringing more focus to your content. In addition to these design updates, watchOS now uses intelligence to gain a deeper understanding of you and proactively give you what you need, starting with Workout. For times when you need a little more inspiration, watchOS introduces an exciting new fitness feature, Workout Buddy. With Apple Intelligence, Workout Buddy can motivate you in a new and unique way based on your fitness history. Here's Stephanie to tell you all about it. Workout Buddy is pretty incredible. It simultaneously gathers all the data from your workout and rapidly analyzes vast amounts of your fitness history, like your paces, miles logged, Activity rings closed, even your training load to identify meaningful insights in real time. Combined with Apple Intelligence on your iPhone, it provides you with just the right encouragement. A brand new text-to-speech model translates that encouragement into a dynamic, generative voice. It’s built using voice data from a Fitness Plus trainer, so it has the right energy, style, and tone for a workout. And you can choose from multiple voices to hear the one that's right for you. Let's see it in action. The Workout app is updated, so it’s easier to access what you need. As soon as you start your run, Workout Buddy can kick off with a pep talk. Great job starting your run. This is your second run this week. You’re crushing it, closing that Move ring for six straight days. Let’s keep building on that with your run today, fueled by some house vibes from Mura Masa. Workout Buddy will also mark key moments. Four miles down. Your last mile was your fastest yet, coming in at 8 minutes and 56 seconds. Your average heart rate for that split was 157 beats per minute. And can help you celebrate accomplishments. You just crushed your 100th mile for running workouts this year. Keep up the great work! After you end your workout, it recognizes your effort. Fantastic run! You averaged a pace of 9 minutes and 7 seconds per mile across 6.3 miles. And your average heart rate was 153 beats per minute. Plus, you earned your first 10K Run award. And that’s something to really be proud of. Have a wonderful day. And that's Workout Buddy. It’s personal and private and will be available starting in English across the most popular workout types. So no matter where, when, or how you get your workout in, it’ll be the boost you need to reach the finish line. Workout is one of the most popular apps on Apple Watch, so we wanted to give it a brand new layout. Now, features like Custom Workout and Race Route are just a tap away, so you can easily create a Custom Workout with work and recovery intervals, or race against your last or best time from your favorite route. And there are new media features built right into the app. For your music, you can keep it simple and let Apple Music choose the best playlist based on the workout you’re doing and the music you love. Or instead of having Apple Music choose, you can select playlists or podcasts that are suggested based on what you’ve been listening to for that type of workout. So whether it’s your media or Workout Buddy, getting active has never been more inspiring. Back to David. watchOS also enhances features like the Smart Stack, which has fundamentally changed how you interact with Apple Watch by quickly identifying what matters in the moment and prioritizing that information for you. This year, the Smart Stack improves its prediction algorithm by fusing on-device data, like points of interest, location, and more, and trends from your daily routine, so it can accurately predict features that could be immediately useful to you. So when you walk into your gym for that regular morning session, a Smart Stack hint will subtly appear. And when you open the Smart Stack, a widget will be ready for you to start your workout. Or when Apple Watch detects that you’re in a remote location with no connectivity, a hint will appear to start Backtrack to support you while you’re off the grid. We’re also making Apple Watch more proactive with enhancements to notifications. You might use Silent mode to avoid receiving a loud alert at an inopportune moment. [DING] Like that. But now Apple Watch can interpret the ambient noise in your environment and automatically adjust the volume of incoming calls and notifications. [QUIET DING] Much better. And when you receive a notification that you want to address later, a new wrist flick gesture will dismiss it and take you back to your watch face. You can also use wrist flick to mute incoming calls, silence timers and alarms, or even close the Smart Stack. Wrist flick adds to the convenient gestures like double tap, and we can't wait for you to try it. For times when you do want to address a notification, like a text from a friend, the Messages app gets even better with many of the features you heard about earlier. With Apple Intelligence, Live Translation makes staying connected to your loved ones who speak a different language as simple as raising your wrist. Conversation backgrounds elevate the experience. And now, based on the context of the message, you can quickly perform new actions that are intelligently provided using machine learning, like sharing your location through Find My when someone’s looking for you. We’re also giving you a quick new way to capture what’s important with Notes, which now comes to Apple Watch. It’s perfect for when you want to save a quick note to yourself or view an existing note, like the great TV recommendation you got from your friend, so you can get started on Season 1 of Stick right away. WatchOS also has new APIs for developers. The Smart Stack can intelligently show a widget for Slopes when you arrive at a ski resort with improved location APIs, And now, Dark Noise can add a custom control to Control Center, so it can easily turn on a sleep soundscape without picking up your iPhone. That's what's coming to WatchOS 26. A delightful new design with Liquid Glass, more intelligence and messages, hints for the smart stack, and a new wrist flick gesture. And Apple Intelligence comes to Fitness with Workout Buddy. Next up, here's Justin to talk about tvOS. tvOS brings the best of Apple into your living room. Like Apple TV+ Original shows and movies, the massive Apple Music catalog, and everything you love from our app developers. With tvOS 26, we're making Apple TV more enjoyable than ever. And it all begins with the new design with Liquid Glass, which looks incredible on the big screen. App icons feel more vibrant, thanks to their layered design and new specular highlights that bring depth and detail to every edge. Next, let's take a look at some of the changes coming to two of our most popular apps, starting with TV and how the new design enhances the Apple TV app experience. As you settle into a show like Your Friends &amp; Neighbors on Apple TV+, you'll immediately notice how playback controls refract the content underneath, beautifully complementing the action without distracting from the story. This unobtrusive design carries through to Control Center, so when you're setting a sleep timer, the video still shines through. And as you browse, you'll see a bold new look with beautiful cinematic poster art, making it fun and easy to explore all your favorite shows and movies. Of course, with Apple TV+, there's always something new to watch, with a fantastic lineup of Originals coming. Let's take a sneak peek. Why are you the one to tell this story? What do you see that no one else does? You will send a message to the world. This is only the beginning. Think bigger. This is our home. I will protect us. The future was here. It's time to see what lies beyond it. So you get a real thrill from being in the action. Should we have written SOS? No, this is way more us. They'll get it. The hard times will come from the money and the mayhem follows. We’re a stone’s throw from mutiny. I have 22 kids on that bus. I gotta get them to their parents. Butts down, everybody! You should have seen how far you flew. It was incredible. This is where everything is headed. The question I have for you, can you handle it? Hang on! If this is a performance review, I have to tell you I am absolutely killing it. And that was just a taste. Hope y'all are ready. With so much to enjoy, it's important to quickly get to the shows you love. And that's exactly what profiles deliver. Now, you can set Apple TV to display profiles whenever it wakes from sleep, so everyone at home can choose their own and jump right back into the TV, sports, and music that matter most to them. And for developers, tvOS also introduces a new API for Automatic Sign-In, linking app logins to an Apple Account. That means no more signing in across each of your Apple devices, greatly simplifying how you set up a new Apple TV. Of course, watching great shows is just one part of what makes Apple TV so powerful. Apple Music is another favorite, whether you’re relaxing to a chill playlist or sharing a spotlight with Sing. With tvOS, singing along with Apple Music gets even better. Your iPhone becomes the mic, amplifying your voice through the TV with visual effects that light up the big screen. When you're with friends, everyone can join in, using their own iPhone to add songs to the queue, react with on-screen emoji, or take a turn and sing along with their favorite artist. And that's just some of what's coming to tvOS 26. The new design with Liquid Glass makes the experience more vibrant and immersive, the Apple TV app adds beautiful new poster art, and Apple Music Sing is even more fun. Now, here's Craig to talk about macOS. [CAR ENGINE REVVING] [BIKE BELL] macOS is loved by everyone from students and creatives to developers and anyone who appreciates its beautifully simple and powerful experience. This year, we’re building on what you love most about macOS with a release made for all of its different users. But what should we call it? Well, our crack product marketing team was adamant that they’d fully earned their annual paycheck the moment they noticed that years end in two-digit numbers. But macOS demands more. Fortunately, after carving some bodacious tracks during one of their mandatory weekly Ski Strategy Sessions, they bumbled into their legendary microbus and let gravity guide them to a breathtaking spot where crystal clear waters meet majestic mountain peaks. They'd found it. Let me introduce you to macOS Tahoe. macOS Tahoe is all about giving you beautiful and powerful tools for the unique ways you use Mac. It includes many of the features you heard about in iOS, like backgrounds and screening tools in Messages, more options in Image Playground and Genmoji, and Live Translation. And it introduces many more updates, taking the macOS experience to the next level. Starting with the stunning new design. It elevates the iconic elements of macOS, making them at once fresh and timelessly Mac. From the moment you unlock, the desktop is instantly familiar. Widgets, the Dock, and app icons have been refined with Liquid Glass, which also elevates the experience in your apps. Sidebars and toolbars reflect the depth of your workspace and offer a subtle hint of the content with an easy reach as you scroll. This updated design doesn't just look stunning. It also enhances the macOS experience in new ways. The menu bar is now completely transparent, making your display feel larger. And there are more ways to customize what controls appear in the menu bar and Control Center, and how they’re laid out. There are so many new controls to choose from. You can even add controls for your favorite Mac apps, like Zoom and iPhone apps too. We've also unlocked entirely new ways to personalize your Mac. You can change the color of your folders and add a symbol or emoji to give them a unique identity. It's fantastic for projects. Along with your personalized wallpaper and theme colors, it's easier than ever to make your Mac a seamless extension of your style. You can go for that sleek, clear look or dial up the dark aesthetic to match your workspace. No matter what you do, this new design makes the macOS experience even more vibrant, expressive, and personal. Speaking of great new experiences, let’s talk about the power of Continuity. Continuity helps you work seamlessly across Apple devices. And we're excited to introduce two new Continuity features. First, we're bringing Live Activities to Mac. So if you've ordered Uber Eats on your iPhone, the Live Activity also appears in the menu bar. And when you click, the app opens in iPhone Mirroring, so you can take action directly on your Mac. We're also enhancing the calling experience by bringing the Phone app to Mac. You can conveniently access your familiar content like Recents, Contacts, and Voicemail synced from iPhone, and easily make a call with just a click. Incoming calls look beautiful on the bigger screen featuring stunning Contact Posters of your friends and family. And the Phone app on Mac includes all the great updates we talked about earlier, like Hold Assist, Call Screening, and Live Translation. So that’s what’s new in Continuity. Next, let's talk about some new features inspired by how pros work on Mac, starting with Shortcuts. Here's Raja to tell you more. Shortcuts help people get more done, faster every day. They combine multiple steps from your favorite apps to create powerful personal automations. In macOS Tahoe, you can run them automatically, for example, at a specific time of day, or when you take actions like saving a file to a folder or connecting to a display. And with Apple Intelligence, we're introducing intelligent actions that let you create shortcuts that are more powerful than ever. You'll see dedicated actions for features that you're already familiar with, like summarizing text with Writing Tools or creating images with Image Playground. We've also added an incredibly powerful new action that lets you tap directly into Apple Intelligence models and provides responses that feed into the rest of your shortcut. For example, if you're a student, you can build a shortcut to compare your recording from a lecture to the notes you took and add any key points you missed. You can access Apple Intelligence models on device, with Private Cloud Compute, or use ChatGPT if you wanna tap into its broad world knowledge and expertise. One of the quickest ways you can run shortcuts is with Spotlight, where we've got more updates to share. Spotlight has always been the central place to search for things. And now, Spotlight is getting its biggest update ever. To start, Spotlight is becoming the fastest way to browse your content on Mac. It puts your most relevant files within easy reach, including intelligent suggestions based on your routines or what you're currently working on. You can also see all your apps. And thanks to iPhone Mirroring, you can even launch apps that you only have on your iPhone, like Headspace. We're also introducing system and app actions in Spotlight. You can take hundreds of actions from creating an event to starting an audio recording, or even playing a podcast. And you can do this no matter what app you're currently working in. You can even fill out parameters for an action. Say you want to send an email. You can write the message, set the recipient, and add a subject, all without lifting your hands off the keyboard. Plus, many bar items for the app you're in can be accessed right from Spotlight. And for developers, these are surfaced in Spotlight automatically. This is great in a feature-rich app like Acorn. To make taking action in Spotlight even faster, we’re introducing quick keys. These are short strings of characters that get you right to what you're looking for. For instance, sending a message can be done by simply typing "sm" and adding a new reminder can be done by typing “ar” and then just typing the reminder. Quick keys are automatically provided for system and app actions you’ve taken. Now, I wanna show you how I use Spotlight to get things done fast. I'll type command space to bring up Spotlight and search for a document where I've been working on a new feature idea. Searching in Spotlight is better than ever. All result types are listed together, intelligently ranked by relevance to me. And I can filter results if needed too. Let's open this. I have an image I copied to my clipboard. Let me paste that in. Great. Next, quick resize. Looks good. But maybe this would look better without the background. Spotlight makes it so easy to take action from the keyboard. I'll search for background removal, and there's the Pages menu item. I'll just hit Return. There we go. Let me quickly adjust where it sits. Cool. There's a chart that I copied earlier today that I wanna bring in here too. What's great is that with macOS Tahoe, I can now use Spotlight to get to my clipboard history. Here it is on the right. This is super helpful to get back to an image, some text, or a link I copied earlier in the day. There’s the chart I had in mind.  I’ll hit return and bring it into my doc. And let's just resize that and bring it into the corner. Perfect. This is coming together, but it could use a better tagline. I've got a shortcut I've built for moments like this. I can run it from Spotlight, and I can get to it even faster with the quick key I’ve assigned to it: “ct” for Create Taglines. Spotlight is now contextually aware and suggests using the document I'm currently working in. The shortcut then takes that document, taps into Apple Intelligence models, and gives me fresh ideas. Check it out. Hmm, maybe, okay, that one’s great. I'll just hit Return to add that in. Love it. Now that this is in great shape, I wanna add it to the Freeform board where my team and I organize our big ideas. I'll search for that board in Spotlight. Spotlight knows I add docs to this Ideas board regularly, so it actually offers that as an action, right here. It's all ready to go with the document queued up in everything. Awesome. There it is with all the edits I just made. I’ll just move it over here with my Favorite Concepts. The team is gonna have fun with this one. So that's a glimpse at how Spotlight and Shortcuts power up my workflow. And for developers, you can make your apps content and actions discoverable in Spotlight and available for use in Shortcuts using the App Intents API. Now, back to Craig. From design to Continuity and productivity, macOS Tahoe delivers great updates across the board. It also levels up the gaming experience, starting with the new Games app, which brings together all the games you have on Mac. And when you're in the game, a click on a controller brings up the new Game Overlay, where you can adjust the system settings that matter most mid-game, chat with friends, or invite them to play. And for developers, macOS Tahoe introduces Metal 4, which brings next-generation rendering technologies to games, like frame interpolation, denoising, and more. Alongside these improvements, there's a growing catalog of incredible titles. So many games have recently arrived, and there are even more on the way. Like Crimson Desert from Pearl Abyss, which takes advantage of Apple silicon to deliver incredible visuals and dynamic effects, providing a breathtaking open world with immersive details. Or inZOI, which brings new life to player-driven storytelling with deep customization and gorgeous visuals. Apple silicon and MetalFX make every character and light source feel vivid and real, while the Neural Engine delivers exceptional performance for AI models. You can pre-order inZOI on Mac starting today, and it will be available later this year alongside consoles and PCs. So that's what's new with gaming on Mac. And that wraps up macOS Tahoe, a stunningly powerful release. It introduces a gorgeous new design, delightful Continuity experiences, along with great features to turbocharge your productivity. Next, to tell you all about what's coming in visionOS, here's Mike. Just last year, we delivered Apple Vision Pro, a revolutionary spatial computer that seamlessly blends digital content with the physical world. Consumers and enterprises alike love Vision Pro because it unlocks experiences that just weren't possible before. This year, we're introducing an expansive update to visionOS. visionOS 26 is packed with groundbreaking spatial experiences, powerful features for enterprise, expanded input with new spatial accessories, and exciting spatial content to enjoy. And this is in addition to Apple Intelligence features introduced today, like updates to Image Playground, new supported languages, and more. Let's start with some of the amazing new spatial experiences coming to visionOS, like widgets. Users love widgets. They offer personalized and useful information at a glance. In visionOS, they become spatial, integrating seamlessly into your space. And they are persistent, staying right where you place them. They're also customizable. Frame width, color, and depth can all be personalized to your liking. visionOS now has beautiful new widgets like Clock with distinctive and exquisitely detailed clock face designs. Weather that adapts to today's forecast. Music for quick access to your favorite tunes. And Photos which can transform a stunning panorama into a window to another time or place. All these and more can be found in the new Widgets app, including ones from your favorite compatible apps. And developers can create widgets for their apps too. visionOS will also remember where you put your apps, so you can arrange your space with digital content that will be there every time you put on Vision Pro, even if you restart it. Earlier, iOS introduced us to spatial scenes, and they're also coming to visionOS. Here's Haley to tell you about it. Last year, we made it easy to add natural-looking depth to your 2D photos. With visionOS 26, we're making your memories feel even more realistic. It uses a new AI algorithm that leverages computational depth to create multiple perspectives from your 2D photos, making the images more lifelike. These spatial scenes feel as if you could lean right into them and look around. We can't wait for you to try this out in the Photos app. You can also view these in the new Spatial Gallery app, where you can explore fresh and exciting content curated by Apple. Spatial scenes will make your web browsing experience more engaging too. Simply select spatial browsing to transform supported articles, hiding distractions and revealing inline photos that come alive as you scroll. And developers like Zillow can add them into their own apps for more lifelike experiences too. Some of the best experiences on Vision Pro are shared with others. So to make sharing even better, we’re making big changes to Personas. We first released Personas as a beta feature that represents you when you're on a video call. With visionOS 26, Personas will undergo a dramatic transformation and more realistically represent you. These enhancements are striking. Hair, lashes, complexion - all look remarkably accurate, making your persona feel more natural and familiar. And they're still created on device in a matter of seconds. Today, Personas let you connect with others who are located remotely. But what if you want to share that same Vision Pro experience with someone who's in the room with you? Now you and your friends can watch the latest movie or play a spatial game together. And this will be great for enterprise, where users can collaborate using apps like 3DLive from Dassault Systèmes to visualize 3D designs in person and with remote colleagues. To tell you about even more enterprise features, back to Mike. Hundreds of companies worldwide use Vision Pro's unique hardware and software to supercharge their workflows for design, training, sales, and more. With visionOS 26, organizations can easily share a common pool of devices among team members. And you can securely save your eye and hand data, vision prescription, and accessibility settings to your iPhone, so you can quickly start to use a shared team device or a friend's Vision Pro as a Guest User. We're also adding more APIs so enterprises can create revolutionary apps only possible on visionOS. For instance, the new Protected Content API. It's literally a for-your-eyes-only mode, ensuring that only people who've been granted access can see confidential materials like medical records or business forecasts. We're also expanding how you can interact with content and experiences by introducing support for spatial accessories that enable input in six degrees of freedom. We're excited to share Logitech Muse built for Vision Pro, which unlocks entirely new creative workflows. Logitech Muse will let you draw and collaborate in three dimensions with precision in apps like Spatial Analogue. And we're thrilled to share that Sony is bringing support for PlayStation VR2 Sense controllers to visionOS 26. Games for visionOS, like Pickle Pro, can take advantage of the full motion tracking performance for more engaging gameplay. Of course, people aren't just working and playing in Vision Pro, they also love watching spatial content. Like Apple Immersive Video, which puts you at the heart of the most exciting stories, events, and adventures with unmatched realism. And with visionOS 26, we're enabling more ways to produce great new content. Like the brand new Adobe app for visionOS, powered by Premiere, that will let you edit and preview spatial video directly in Vision Pro. Many people have extensive libraries of exciting action videos, but playing them on traditional 2D displays makes them appear flat and distorted. To solve this, we've partnered with GoPro, Insta360, and Canon to support native playback of 180, 360, and wide field-of-view video on visionOS. You can now relive these awesome moments like you're there all over again. And web developers can embed 3D objects directly into their pages, so you can see them in line with depth and dimension, and pull them right into your space for a closer look. This, combined with spatial browsing, marks the beginning of the spatial web. And there are many other new features we think you'll love, like a spectacular new Jupiter environment. Standing on the moon Amalthea, you'll be able to speed up time to watch enormous storms swirl across the gas giant as sunlight breaks across its surface. And that's visionOS 26, a huge release that delivers more spatial experiences than ever before, new ways to stay connected with Vision Pro users near and far, and big opportunities for enterprises, developers, and creators to deliver groundbreaking features and content. Now here's Craig to tell you about what's coming in iPadOS. iPadOS 26 is a giant release. It starts with a beautiful new design, making your entire experience more delightful. From the Lock Screen with the new time layout, to the Home Screen with redesigned app icons and widgets, to apps like Apple TV, where there's even more focus on your content. And with Apple Intelligence integrated across iPadOS, you can communicate seamlessly across language barriers with Live Translation, and tap into Apple Intelligence to supercharge your shortcuts. There are also many other features you heard about on iOS and macOS that are great for everyone who uses iPad, including Messages with polls and enhanced group chats, the new Phone app, which lets you make and take calls, and the brand new Games app for all your games and the friends you play with. And all these amazing features are only the start. Over the years, we've pushed the limits of how portable, powerful, and versatile iPad can be. And it's empowered customers around the world, whether they’re just trying to escape with some “me time” on the couch or using iPad as a canvas to imagine their next big endeavor. So many people feel deeply connected to iPad, and some want to do even more with it. So this year, we’re continuing to push the capabilities of iPadOS even further by focusing on improving multitasking and how you work with files and audio and video. Let's get started with multitasking, where we're taking a huge leap forward. This is what you've all been waiting for: a new windowing system on iPad. It’s designed for the unique qualities of iPad and delivers on what users are asking for with a collection of powerful features that help you control, arrange, and switch between your windows. And we think it's pretty great. To show it to you, here's Cindy. This rearchitected and redesigned windowing system maintains the simplicity of iPad. When I first open an app, it shows up full screen. I can swipe home and open another, and it's still full screen. So if this is how you like to use iPad, it's just as simple as ever. But now I also have this grab handle in the bottom right to fluidly resize apps into windows. If I previously resized apps, when I open them again, they open back in the exact same size and position, and I can place them just where I want them. This is designed to work great with touch or with a trackpad. And now I also have a pointer that's more precise and responsive. When I use it to hover over these new buttons in the top left, they expand into familiar controls. I can use these to close or minimize my windows. And a tap on their app icon brings them right back. Another way I can arrange my windows is with tiling. Since this is designed for the unique qualities of iPad, I can simply flick windows towards the edges to tile. It's so fluid and makes arranging my windows super easy. There's even a little grabber here to resize both at the same time. If I click and hold on my window controls, I'll see even more tiling options. Let's choose quarters. With this rearchitected windowing system, I also have the power to open even more windows. And if I need an app that’s not in my Dock, I can simply swipe home to peek at my Home Screen. Tapping an app opens it, along with all my previous windows. To quickly see all my open windows, I now have Exposé. With a swipe up from the bottom and hold, my windows spread out, and a tap brings the one I need to the front. If I need to make space or focus in on one app, I just swipe home, and another swipe up minimizes everything. So now when I open an app, it opens by itself, and I can start fresh, making it easy to always get back to the distinct simplicity of iPad. Sometimes you need a way to see and access all the features of an app. So we're also adding a menu bar on iPad. It's always available from the top of the screen. It's arranged to be familiar with clear labeled options, and it's a great way to find the features you need quickly. And that's a quick look at the menu bar and how windowing works in iPadOS 26. Back to you, Craig. Wow, more windows, a pointier pointer, and a menu bar? Who would have thought? We’ve truly pulled off a mind-blowing release. And this isn't just great on iPad Pro and iPad Air. The new windowing architecture has enabled us to bring it to every iPad that runs iPadOS 26, including iPad and iPad mini. It also works great with Stage Manager and on external displays. It's a massive update to the way you work with multiple apps at once on iPad. Now, to tell you about some other updates, here's Tonna. Let's talk about files. When you're working on more complex projects, like creating a website, editing a lot of photos, or designing a presentation, you're often handling lots of files across lots of apps. To make this easier, we have a set of enhancements for managing, accessing, and editing your files. First up, we're supercharging the Files app. It now includes features like an updated list view to see more details in resizable columns and collapsible folders. It also gets the same folder customization options as macOS, with custom colors and icons that sync across devices, making it easy to spot the one you’re looking for. And you can now choose which app you want to open a file with and set it as a default, like picking Photoshop, VSCO, or Darkroom for opening images. For easier access to your files, you can now put folders in the Dock. Simply drag any folder from the Files app right into the Dock. When you tap on one, it fans out showing the files inside. Perfect for getting to your downloads, most recent documents, or a favorite folder no matter what app you’re in. And it's easy to drag in and out of your folders too. Now one type of file you might be opening is a PDF. And to help you with that, we’re bringing a beloved app from macOS to iPadOS: Preview. Preview is a dedicated app to view and edit your PDFs with powerful tools like Apple Pencil Markup and Autofill, making it easy to access, annotate, fill in, or highlight. And it also includes familiar tools to edit images and export them in a variety of different formats and sizes. With the updated Files app, folders on the Dock, and Preview, it's never been easier to work with files in iPadOS. This year, we're also enabling more complex workflows for working with audio and video, beginning with better control over your audio input. Content creators want to have control over their setup, including the accessories that give them the best quality, like high-end microphones. To help easily specify which microphone to use, we added an audio input selector. It can even be used to choose a different one for each app. This applies to the web as well, so creators can use their favorite sites, like Alitu, to capture audio with the microphone best suited for the job. Audio can be made even better by blocking ambient sounds while recording. So we’re making Voice Isolation available no matter what app is being used, keeping voices clear and crisp. For even more convenience, creators can now record studio-quality vocals directly with AirPods, thanks to improved tonal balance and timbre to authentically represent the texture of your voice, making AirPods a great choice for producing content. And to make recording from a distance even easier, creators can use AirPods to start and stop video recording with a simple press and hold. We've also made something for all you podcasters out there who record using video calls. Local capture lets you produce amazing content with high-quality recordings right from iPad. It works with any of your favorite video conferencing apps. Just turn it on in Control Center and your own local high-quality audio and video are captured on your iPad. Echo cancellation of other participants' audio keeps your voice front and center. So you get a clear recording of your side of the call. Once it’s over, everyone who used Local capture can easily share their own audio and video files, letting you produce an interview or podcast with the clearest recordings gathered from every source. Next, when it's time to edit and export your content, we're making that even easier by enabling Background Tasks on iPad. With the incredible power of Apple silicon, iPad can run long-running and computationally heavy tasks in the background. So if you start an extended process, like an export, and switch to another app, the task will continue to run. Background Tasks show up as Live Activities, so you always know what's running and you always have full control. And for developers, apps like Shapr3D and DaVinci Resolve will be able to take advantage of the same continuous processing with an updated Background Tasks API. Combined with updates for controlling your audio input and capturing high-quality content, these improvements will make creative pros even more effective. Back to you, Craig. With accelerated workflows for working with audio and video, huge improvements to working with files, and the biggest update to windowing on iPad ever, this release of iPadOS is a game changer. We couldn't be more excited for you to try it. And there's even more that we didn't have time to cover today, like advanced 3D graphing capabilities and Math Notes, a new reed pen for a traditional calligraphy experience, and the Journal app, which comes to iPad with Apple Pencil support. So that's iPadOS 26. With a new design, even more features powered by Apple Intelligence, and a giant leap forward in productivity, it takes iPad's unique capabilities even further. This is the biggest iPadOS release ever. So those are the updates to our software platforms with so many helpful features to enhance your daily activities. And as you saw throughout today's presentation, with Apple Intelligence, our platforms are more powerful and more useful than ever. We're continuing to integrate Apple Intelligence across our ecosystem with so many new features that are right where you need them in the apps you use every day. Whether you're communicating across languages with Live Translation, exploring the content of any app with Visual Intelligence, feeling motivated during a run with Workout Buddy, accelerating your workflows with powerful shortcuts, and more, these brand new Apple Intelligence features continue to elevate your iPhone, Apple Watch, Apple Vision Pro, Mac, and iPad with intelligence that is most helpful and relevant for you. And as you've seen, in addition to everything in these releases for our users, it's also a huge year for developers. The Foundation Models framework allows developers to use our models and get responses in plain text or as structured Swift data. App Intents allow developers to connect their apps' content and capabilities throughout the system, including the new Shortcuts and Visual Intelligence experiences. And there's much more to discover in our SDKs, like the latest improvements to Swift, which make it easier than ever to write code that's safe and efficient. Or the new APIs in SwiftUI, helping developers build modern user interfaces across all Apple platforms. Of course, this year, one of the most important updates for developers is the new design with Liquid Glass. It lets developers reimagine how their apps look and feel, making every user interaction even more intuitive and delightful. To dive deeper, we have dedicated sessions and opportunities to engage with Apple engineers and designers over the course this week. We also have exciting updates for our tools, like the new Icon Composer app. Icon Composer helps developers and designers create layered icons that look stunning in light, dark, tinted, and all-clear look, visualizing how light interacts with Liquid Glass. And we're bringing more generative intelligence to Xcode. Predictive code completion gets more accurate, using larger context from your code. And we’ve expanded our vision for Swift Assist, where developers interact with code using natural language directly in Xcode. Developers can now use a model of their choice, and we have built-in support for the advanced coding models of ChatGPT. This unique experience flows naturally between the source editor and the assistant to write code, tests, documentation, iterate on a design, or fix that stubborn compiler error. You'll hear all about these new tools and technologies in the Platforms State of the Union. And now, back to Tim. Thank you, Craig. And thanks to all of our presenters. What a big day of announcements for our users and developers. We continue to advance each of our platforms with more ways to harness the power of Apple Intelligence, as well as a beautiful new design, our product experiences become even more seamless and enjoyable. We’re excited to see how developers will bring these updates and this new design language to their apps. Our new OS releases will be available as developer betas today, with a public beta coming next month. And they will be available to all users this fall. Thank you to all of our developers for continuing to change the world with the apps you create. And thanks to everyone for joining us today. We've got a big week ahead of us. Let's go have a great WWDC. Real App Store reviews This one goes out to that very special somebody in all our lives who develops the apps we love. [WOO!] Shot on iPhone. Edited on Mac.
> **ZH:** 早上好 欢迎来到 Apple Park 欢迎参加 WWDC 如你所见，我们正在准备《F1》的上映 这部精彩的 Apple 原创电影 将于 6 月 27 日在院线首映 我们迫不及待希望大家一睹为快 《F1》是我看过最刺激、全程高能的电影之一 它延续了我们的承诺：提供一流娱乐体验 并由全球顶尖故事创作者倾力打造 Apple TV+ 也让我们深感自豪 它在优质节目评选中再次位列第一 已经蝉联四年 这真的很了不起！ 众所周知，WWDC 是一年一度的盛会 也是我们和全球开发者社区共聚的大日子 我们深信，为开发者提供最新工具和技术 能助他们尽展所长 而 WWDC 正是实现这一点的胜地 今天，我们将揭晓一系列激动人心的创新 在接下来的一周 我们将深入探索，通过 100 多场讲座 和 Apple 工程师主持的实验室活动 提供意义非凡的技术和设计指导 WWDC 免费在线播出 我们能与全球数百万开发者分享所有内容 开发者们创造的各类 app 将对我们的生活产生持续深远的影响 而你的使用体验还将更上层楼 因为我们的各个平台，都有重大发布 首先有请 Craig  [锁车声] 今天要分享的内容太多太多 我想先说两点，也是各个平台的重点 首先是 Apple 智能 去年，我们踏出了第一步 带给你最实用、最贴合需求的智能工具 比如写作工具，几乎任何打字场景都能用 智绘表情和图乐园 让你能以充满趣味的方式表达自我 还有消除工具，能帮你去除图中的干扰元素 而基于 Apple 智能打造的视觉智能 便于你轻松探索周围环境 借助 Apple 智能 你只需口语描述，就能找到照片或视频 创作回忆影片，也只要简单描述就行 还能总结邮件、通知和备忘录的内容 快速提炼要点 以及使用智能回复功能，一键生成回复等 在做到这一切的同时，我们还更进一步 借助专用云计算，确保了 AI 的私密性 通过将 iPhone 的隐私保护扩展到云端 其他任何人都无法访问你的数据 即使 Apple 也不例外 我们还推出多项增强功能 令 Siri 更自然、更实用 如前所述，我们还会再接再厉 打造更多功能，让 Siri 更个人化 但要达到我们的高标准，还需更多时间 期待来年与大家详细分享 今年，Apple 智能将支持更多语言 我们也令驱动 Apple 智能的生成式模型 变得越来越强大和高效 我们会继续将 Apple 智能 应用在整个生态系统的更多场景中 通过今天的演示 你将看到 Apple 智能的一些新功能 你的使用体验将大大提升 不管是 iPhone、Apple Watch Apple Vision Pro、Mac 还是 iPad 另外，我们今年还有一项新举措 这会是个重大突破 我们将向所有 app 开放权限 允许直接访问位于 Apple 智能核心的 设备端大语言模型 这将通过新的基础模型框架来实现 由此，开发者能直接使用 强大且快速的智能功能 它还具备隐私保护，甚至离线也能用 我们相信这将掀起智能体验的新热潮 遍及你日常使用的各个 app 比如你正在备考 Kahoot! 这类 app 会根据你的笔记 为你度身定制测验 让你学得更投入 由于使用了设备端模型 还能省去云端 API 的费用 又比如你去没有网络的地方露营 在 AllTrails 研究下载的各条徒步路线时 只需描述你的想法 AllTrails 就能利用我们的设备端模型 为你推荐最佳路线 我们无比期待开发者在 Apple 智能的基础上 为你带来智能化、离线可用 还能保护隐私的种种崭新体验 现在，说说今年平台的另一件大事 非常重磅 事实上，这样的项目几乎十年一遇 这就是超惊艳、超好用的全新设计 我们上一次重大的设计革新还是 iOS 7 当时，我们的灵感来自同期问世的 视网膜显示屏和 A6 芯片的强大性能 而如今情况已大不相同 Apple 芯片的实力强悍飙升 将软件性能和使用体验 拉高到以往难以想象的程度 我们的设备在日常生活中越来越不可或缺 可用的 app 也越来越多  各产品之间切换使用，协作也越来越频繁 大幕拉开，新改变即将亮相 它将开创非凡的体验，深深影响未来 让我们来一睹为快 软件是我们产品的核心和灵魂 它赋予产品生命力，塑造产品的特性 也决定了产品的用途 在 Apple，我们始终坚信 正是硬件与软件的深度整合 才造就直观、优美且人人爱用的技术交互 iOS 7 开创的简约设计，建立在独特的分层 流畅的动画和全新配色之上 它定义了我们随后数年的设计语言 如今，随着我们在硬件 芯片和图形技术领域的重大突破 我们终于奠定基础，为软件开启新篇章 今天，我们在此宣布这一激动人心的消息 Apple 迄今规模最大的设计更新来了 我们的目标是精美的新设计 将惊喜和愉悦融入每个用户的体验 同时更个人化 更聚焦你的内容本身 还让你一上手就感觉熟门熟路 这也是我们首次推出全平台共通的设计 当切换使用不同产品时 统一的设计语言给你更协调一致的体验 同时仍能保持每个产品的独特性 visionOS 的真实感和丰富性让我们大受启发 我们继续突破，力求把纯数码的东西 变得生动自然 从观感，到动态的响应都是如此 为了做到这一点 我们从构成软件的基本元素开始重新构思 并启用了一种富有表现力的新材料 我们叫它 Liquid Glass 它具有玻璃的光学特性 以及 Apple 独创的灵动性 它能随内容甚至使用场景而变化 浏览和操控更加清晰明了 还能优美地折射光线 并通过镜面高光动态响应你的动作 这种材料将焕然一新的动感活力 注入到你方方面面的体验中 从小元素到大项目，只要与之交互 它都会根据你的内容和输入实时响应 营造更加生动的体验 让你用起来格外愉悦 曾经为矩形屏打造的元素也重新设计 与设备的圆角巧妙呼应 令我们的软硬件更加和谐统一 控制项的分组也精打细算 为你的内容留出更多宝贵空间 半透明的 Liquid Glass 效果类似现实中的玻璃 具体颜色将由你的内容决定 还会根据环境的明暗智能调节 这是一个独特的功能层 叠在 app 的上方 它变化自如 可配合你调用选项或切换界面等操作 同样的动态特性也被扩展到其他体验 提示信息会出现在轻点的位置 不再覆盖全屏 关联菜单展开成便于浏览的列表 滚动页面时，标签页栏会缩小以凸显主题 而当你向上滚动时，它又会立刻复原 让你的整个使用体验都更加直观 无论是操作 app 还是各种系统体验 比如锁定屏幕、通知和控制中心等 App 图标也精心打造，生动呈现 借助 Liquid Glass 的层次感 无论浅色模式、深色模式、缤纷新色调 还是全新透明外观，都活灵活现 这一新设计也延展到程序坞甚至小组件 让你能以全新模式打造个性化体验 我们一直都非常关注 软件设计的每一个细节 正是这些蕴含美感 巧思和趣味的点点滴滴孕育出我们的产品 我们的新设计模糊了硬件与软件的界限 打造出比以往更加好玩有趣 却依然熟悉且方便好用的体验 今天是个激动人心的日子 我们的设计美学从此开启新篇 为我们下一阶段的产品 以及日常交互的体验定下基调 这让我们倍感兴奋，精美的新设计 也带给平台更出色的一致性 甚至让我们有机会 把平台的命名方式也变得整齐划一 我们将会统一所有平台的版本号 由于我们今秋的发布将一直沿用到明年 也就是 2026 年，因此命名为 26 版 今天，我们会逐一介绍各个平台 首先是 iOS iOS 26 带来众多智能化体验 你日常使用的感受将大幅优化 还带来崭新设计 从系统到 app 的体验都焕然一新 让我们来详细了解一下 从你拿起手机就映入眼帘的 锁定屏幕和主屏幕开始 锁定屏幕现已设计一新 时间和控制项都基于 Liquid Glass 重新打造 向上轻扫进入主屏幕，一切更赏心悦目 包括精美的玻璃边缘和全新的响应方式 App 图标同样基于 Liquid Glass 精心设计 既让人眼前一亮，又能一眼认出 它们还能自行调整 无论你用的是深色模式 还是我们新推出的各种风格 比如全透明外观 让我们再回到锁定屏幕 来看看墙纸如何生动显现 下面让我换成“照片随机显示”墙纸 当我切换照片的时候，看好了 时间数字现在会根据空间大小自如调整 San Francisco 字体经特别设计 每个数字的宽、高和字重都能动态调整 这样就能融入场景 既贴合画面主题 又确保照片的精彩部分始终在前面 就算有新消息进来 比如朋友的信息或同事的邮件也不会遮挡 不仅如此 我们都爱用自己喜欢的照片作锁屏墙纸 让我来换个墙纸演示一下 神经网络引擎运行先进的计算机视觉技术 能在你的平面照片上生成空间场景 创造令人惊艳的 3D 效果 让你心中的美好回忆 随手中 iPhone 的移动鲜活再现 现在，再介绍个我特别喜欢的小细节 听音乐的时候 只要轻点这里，就会看到酷炫的画面 这是供艺人展示专辑封面的新方式 动画效果与播放控制在屏上巧妙互动 真的很赞 绚丽的 Liquid Glass 变化自如 全新的空间场景引人入胜 还有新打造的“播放中”体验 标志性的锁定屏幕和主屏幕 也比以往更有个性、更具表现力 接下来，我们说说 iPhone 体验的另一个重点： 相机 相机功能如此丰富 可能会一时找不到相应选项 尤其是想快速抓拍的时候 iOS 26 的相机 app 采用更直观的新设计 通过简约流畅的外观 凸显两种最常用的拍摄模式：照片和视频 而各种让你爱不释手的强大功能 动动手指就能调用 比如手指左右轻扫，其他模式就会出现 有电影效果模式和人像模式等 向上轻扫就能轻松取用各项设置 比如宽高比和计时器 转换格式也更容易 只需轻点一下，就能显示所有选项 想捕捉丰富细节，可直接切换到 4K 浏览拍摄作品时 照片 app 也能充分发挥新设计的精彩 很多人想念照片 app 中的标签页 现在有了图库和精选集两个单独的标签页 个人收藏和各类相簿都近在手边 调用搜索功能也超方便 而锁定屏幕呈现的酷炫 3D 特效 在照片 app 中也能实现 任意照片都能呈现令人惊叹的空间感 在 Safari 浏览器，我们保留了你熟悉的元素 同时营造出更具沉浸感的体验 网页现可全屏铺满，直到屏幕底部 让你一览更多内容 标签页栏经过重新设计，能浮在网页上 搜索和刷新等常用功能触手可及 只需轻点一下，其他操作选项 也会以 Liquid Glass 的方式流畅显现 滚动页面时，标签页栏会动态缩小 让你聚焦于内容本身 动态效果的控制选项 在 FaceTime 通话中也十分美观 通话时，重要的控制选项 会浮在右下角 还会在你用不上的时候悄悄隐去 FaceTime 通话的着陆页也已重新设计 这里会列出你联系紧密的人 并以精美、个性化的名片海报来呈现 视频信息还会在你滚动页面时播放 让你能预览一个个动人时刻，以免错过 这种新体验也通过 CarPlay 车载进入车厢 有请 Emily 来详细说说 CarPlay 车载让你能够在开车时 更智能安全地使用各项 iPhone 功能 每天，全球有超过 6 亿人次 使用这款 app 日常生活不可或缺 今年的一些精彩更新 让 CarPlay 车载变得更亮眼 用起来也更轻松 iOS 26 的新设计也延伸到车内 开车时也能享受到 一致的风格、丰富的表达 整个系统处处都有亮眼更新 例如图标总能显示得很美观 无论是浅色模式 还是深色模式 我们还新增多项功能 让你驾车时也能轻松保持联系 例如接听电话时的紧凑式界面设计 不会过多遮挡前方路线之类屏幕内容 你还能使用信息 app 中的点回 和置顶对话功能 iOS 26 还在 CarPlay 车载中 推出多款小组件 你扫一眼就能快速获取信息 非常适合驾驶时使用 还有实时活动功能 让你随时跟进重要事项 例如好友的航班动态 所有功能都以帮助你专注于路况为前提 对于开发者来说 为 iPhone 开发的小组件和实时活动 在 CarPlay 车载中一样好用 此外，为了极致发挥 CarPlay 车载的妙处 所有这些更新 也都来到了 CarPlay Ultra 你的爱车与 iPhone  完美联动，各展所长 在驾驶员眼前的所有屏幕上 带来浑然一体、丝滑顺畅的绝佳体验 第一批支持车型已于上月发布 种种与爱车互动的新方式由此启动 在 CarPlay Ultra 中 你能选择样式布局和设计 来显示重点关注的内容 还能添加收音机和空调等 车内控制功能 一切都能在 CarPlay 车载中直接使用 这还只是 CarPlay Ultra 的起步 而全球正有越来越多的品牌 致力于将它推向市场 我们很高兴能与各汽车厂商合作 将他们各自的独特外观和风格 以及各种车辆功能 与 iPhone 的强大实力融为一体 现在，你接着讲吧，Craig 以上我们大概了解了一下 新设计是如何提升使用体验的 当然，这只是个开始 iOS 26 还有多项更新 来帮助你顺畅沟通 保持联系，表达自我 有请 Darin 来细说 电话 app 是 iPhone 最基本的体验 任何能让它更好用的改进 都会产生显而易见的效果 今年我们推出全新统一布局选项 将个人收藏、最近通话 和语音留言集中一处 所以你只要一动手指 就能调出最常用的功能 都用不着切换视图 个人收藏居中置顶 要打电话一点就行 下面便捷的单一列表中 是最近通话和语音留言 谁来电、谁有留言 轻松滚动就能查看 有了 Apple 智能的加持 新的语音留言摘要 还会将最重要的内容显示在前面 底部则是通讯录和拨号键盘 同样轻点一下就能调用 有了这种新颖直观的布局 浏览使用电话 app 更简单了 还一上手就自来熟 我们还推出了新方法来帮助减少干扰 比如不速之客的来电 这在我们等重要电话时会很碍事 现在，有陌生号码打进来时 通话筛选功能会快速评估是重要来电 还是讨厌的推销电话 在实时语音留言的基础上 通话筛选功能会自动在后台 静音接听陌生来电 来电者说出自己的名字和事由 手机才会响铃 而你可以看到应答内容 再决定要不要接听 嗨！ 不，等等，我马上去门口 还有一项绝妙功能 能在你最不喜欢的那种通话中帮到你 那就是遇上通话保留的时候 我们知道排队等通话这让人很心烦 感觉就是等个没完没了 只为最后能跟在线客服说上话 通话保留助理能帮你省下这些时间 有了通话保留助理 电话 app 能替你排队 等候在线客服接听 下次再遇上“请稍候” 不管是为了改签航班 还是处理水电账单 电话 app 都能自动检测到等待音乐 然后询问你是否想让它帮你排队 轻点“保留”则音乐停止 但通话不会中断 你可以继续使用 iPhone 或索性放到一边接着处理日常事务 别担心 在线客服一接电话 就会有铃声提示你回来接听 同时也告知客服你马上就来 以上都是电话 app 的精彩更新 此外，我们每天还会用信息 app 联系 信息 app 给了我们和亲友 一个传情达意的共享空间 现在，你有了一种激动人心的新方式 来为这片共享天地装点出个性 这就是背景功能 选择一个背景后 跟你聊天的人都能欣赏到 各种各样的动态内置背景随你挑 或者选张自己拍的照片来用也不错 有了 Apple 智能 甚至还能用图乐园来自创背景画面 接下来，来聊一聊群聊吧 群聊常常会聊到很多 司空见惯的老问题 比如说：哪个周末大家都有空？ 不用再为一窝蜂似的回复烦恼 我们这有个轻松愉悦的新方法 它能将大家的诉求视觉化 这就是投票功能 任何事都能发起投票 而且借助 Apple 智能 信息 app 会检测出适合投票的情景 同时提供建议 比方有人问“今年的旅行住哪里？”时 要是有比较讲究的朋友 不喜欢既有选项 群里的任何人都能给出新提议 然后实时观看投票状态 有了 Apple Cash 功能 群里就更热闹了 现在你可以申请、发送 或接收 Apple Cash 用来结算演唱会门票 或晚餐账单之类的 群聊里直接都搞定 我们还带来一项呼声很高的功能 群聊里的键入指示器 让大家能看到是谁马上要发表高见了 非常期待大家来体验 群聊里的这些精彩更新 和电话 app 一样 信息 app 也加入了筛选工具 帮助用户消除干扰 全新设备端垃圾短信检测功能 让你眼不见心不烦 要想管控得更给力 我们还能帮你甄别新出现的发件人 让你的消息界面从这样 混着垃圾短信和未知号码的一团乱麻 变得清清爽爽 谁能出现在你的对话列表里 全由你说了算 未知发件人的短信则会专门另放一处 方便你决定是将该号码标记为熟人 去问一下来意，还是直接删除 只要你没有接受 未知发件人发来的信息都会被静音 不会出现在通知里 即使已开启未知发件人识别功能 你仍可以查看具有时效性的重要信息 比如就餐通知，或者是验证码 很高兴信息 app 今年再次大放异彩 现在让我们来看看 Apple 智能 又解锁了哪些沟通新方式 有请 Leslie 今年，我们带来了 更有趣、流畅的日常对话体验 首先，有了更多方法 来创造你要的完美表情 现在，除了可以将文字描述 转成智绘表情 还能让两个符号合体生成个新表情 比如树懒加灯泡 当你发现自己是群聊中 最后一个听懂笑话的人时 就能用这个 甚至还可以融合表情符号和文字描述 比方你要请朋友晚上去 K 歌 不妨将女生表情拼上个麦克风 再加上一句“一件亮片外套” 如果灵感来源是你的亲朋好友 用智绘表情和图乐园来创作图像 你会有更大的发挥空间 你可以给朋友换个表情 比如一脸震惊 或满面笑容 还可以调整他们的发型等元素 让它跟朋友的最新造型更匹配 在图乐园中 现在你能通过 ChatGPT 来绘图 除了动画和素描等现有风格 还有各种 ChatGPT 风格加入选项  比如可以将朋友的名片海报 换成油画风格 这样她每次来电时 你都能看到她的优雅画像 而在你已经有了很明确的想法时 可轻点“任意风格”并描述一下诉求 比如为庆祝新生儿到来 生成一张效果逼真的邀请函照片 图乐园就会将你的描述或照片发给 ChatGPT 为你做好一张独具特色的图片 整个过程始终由你主控 未经你的许可 任何内容都不会与 ChatGPT 共享 对开发者来说 则能通过图乐园 API 将这些新功能整合进自己的 app 接着再说说我们正在打造的一项功能 它能跨多种通信 app 使用，那就是翻译 很多时候，你想谈谈自己的想法 问个问题，或是想表达感受 但却苦于语言不通 为了帮助你跨越语言障碍来自由沟通 我们推出了实时翻译功能 得益于 Apple 智能 实时翻译能迅速译出对话 这项功能已整合进了 信息、FaceTime 通话和电话各个 app 实现该功能的 Apple 自建模型 完全在设备端运行 从而让你个人的对话只属于你个人 举例来说，在信息 app 中 实时翻译能为你自动翻译短信内容 如果你留学时要和新朋友一起制订计划 你一边输入信息，一边就会被译成 对方的首选语言并送达 而当他们回复时 也会立刻逐字为你翻译好 在 FaceTime 通话上谈天说地时 也可以通过翻译好的实时字幕来聊个明白 同时照样能听到奶奶在说什么 [法语] “听着，亲爱的，铺一层香草” [法语] “面团里再加一份橙花水” [法语] “这可是我的独门秘方” “哦，对呀，没错！” 打电话时，你说的话也可以同步翻译 并为对方大声朗读出来 “嗨！12 月 6 日的婚宴 能承办吗？” [德语] “你好，12 月 6 日有个婚宴 你能筹备吗？” 收到答复时 你也能听到对方语音的翻译内容 [德语] “可以啊，很高兴能帮忙。” 即使对方用的不是 iPhone 一样能毫无阻碍地使用这项功能 对于开发者来说 只要利用新的 API 接口 就能轻轻松松地 在各种通信 app 内开启通话实时翻译 这就是实时翻译，一款强大的沟通工具 无论是出国旅行 还是与同事、同学协作 或只是与最关心的人聊个天 它都能帮到你 现在，请 Craig 继续介绍 除了让保持联系变得更轻松 我们还优化了 iPhone 上 多项备受喜爱的 Apple 服务 欢迎 Kathy 来详细说说 就从 Apple Music 开始说吧 我们要让全世界的用户 都能更轻易地爱上音乐 所以我们首先加入了歌词翻译功能 来帮助你理解心爱歌曲的含义 还有歌词发音功能 这样不管歌词是什么语言 大家都能跟着唱 我们还推出了自动过渡功能 通过智能功能将一首歌曲与下一首无缝混接 就像 DJ 一样 时长缩放和对拍处理都恰到好处 终于，现在你可以更快捷更轻松地 欣赏到你感兴趣的音乐了 借助音乐置顶功能 你可以将喜爱的艺人、专辑 或歌单固定在资料库顶部 这些只是 Apple Music  各种更新中的一部分 接下来让我们看看地图 app 在 iOS 26 中 iPhone 能更好地理解你的日常安排 从而帮你优化每天的交通路线 还会帮你记录到访过的好去处 大多数人总是在家、学校 和工作场所间定时往返 我们往往习惯于走某一条路线 沿途稍作停留 像是送孩子上学 或是顺道买杯咖啡 iPhone 现在会了解你偏爱的路线 在地图 app 中与其他方案一起提供 你的习惯有变化 iPhone 也会随之调整适应 借助地图小组件 你可以在出发前查看路况 估计一下所需时间 如果会发生严重延误 地图 app 将发通知提醒 即便你没有启动导航 也会提供备选路线方案 因此，你要参加重要会议时 就不会因意外的拥堵而迟到了 有时你会想再去一次本地的宝藏小店 逛一逛曾经漫步的公园 或是要推荐某地给朋友 但却怎么也想不起名字 所以我们新增了“曾去地点” 你可以选择让 iPhone 自动检测你所在之处 比如是某家餐厅或商店 随后在地图 app 资料库中的 “曾去地点”里就能看到 要搜索或分享，轻点一下就行 要删除“曾去地点” 一个轻扫就搞定 这些信息还受端对端加密的保护 就连 Apple 也无法获取 简单说完地图 app 再来看看钱包 app Apple 钱包 app 为现实生活中的 日常互动带来更多便利 钱包 app 中的车钥匙用起来既方便又安全 锁车、解锁车，或是发动爱车 你的 iPhone 或 Apple Watch 都能办到 采用这项功能的汽车厂商日益增长 已有 20 多个品牌 将车钥匙功能加入钱包 app 还有 13 个品牌即将加入 例如讴歌 (Acura) 保时捷 (Porsche) 和塔塔 (Tata) 再看身份证件方面 借助钱包 app 里的驾照 我们创建了极为安全私密的方式 来让你出示身份证件 目前在美国有九个州可用 波多黎各也已推出 还有更多地区将会加入 从今年秋季开始 大家可以使用美国护照 创建数字身份证件 虽然并不能替代实体护照 但在美国境内旅游时，数字身份证件 能在支持的运输安全管理局检查点 以及各种 app 中使用 需要核实年龄和身份信息的线下场合也能用 在机场 钱包 app 里设计一新的登机牌 会让你眼前一亮 现在它能方便地打开室内地图 让你逛起机场来熟门熟路 查找功能可直接通过登机牌 帮你追踪行李 实时航班状态也可以分享给他人 让亲友能随时了解你的航班何时降落 至于说到 Apple Pay 这种极为便利的支付方式 与生俱来就有隐私和安全保护 为全球数以亿计的消费者所青睐 给你妙不可言的购物体验 我们还为支付新增了更多便利手段 除了使用 Apple Pay 在线购物时 可以使用奖励权益或分期付款 线下购物现在也可选择 积分兑换或分期付款 钱包 app 也是 查询 Apple Pay 订单的好地方 得益于 Apple 智能 现在钱包 app 还能识别并汇总 Apple Pay 订单之外的详细订单情况 它会找出商家或快递公司 发送的电子邮件 并汇集其中各种订购详情 订单进度通知等信息，方便查看 方方面面，钱包 app 一览无余 有了这些环环相扣的新招 钱包 app 能让你在现实中 生活得更自在 iOS 26 还带来了崭新的游戏体验 让你和小伙伴都能尽情畅玩 有请 Ann 来详细介绍 大家都喜欢用 iPhone 玩游戏 Apple 芯片驱动惊人的图形性能 App Store 提供丰富的品类选择 Apple Arcade 上还有各种获奖神作 因此，有超过 5 亿人用 iPhone 玩游戏 这再正常不过了 所以，我们打造了全新平台  助你充分挖掘游戏的乐趣 继续投入你喜爱的 找到下一款你挚爱的 还能和好友更痛快畅玩 这就是游戏 app 首先是主页 重点呈现与你游戏最相关的各种资讯 比如常玩游戏的各项更新和重要活动 以及为你量身定制的推荐内容 还有一个专门的 Apple Arcade 标签页 让订阅用户可以访问整个游戏库 以及最近的升级更新和发行作品 然后是“资料库”标签页 你能看到从 App Store 下载的所有游戏 并能轻松回到某款游戏继续玩 横屏和竖屏模式都可以 此外，这款 app 还支持游戏控制器 方便你在不同游戏之间轻松切换 接下来是“一起玩”标签页 这里会显示好友在玩的游戏 可以比得分、战绩，还能邀请他们一起玩 我们还带来了新玩法 让你可以更轻松地和朋友们玩起来 这就是挑战功能 一种基于分数的全新对战方式 App Store 很多刺激的游戏都能这么玩 比如在 Thronefall 中 你可以与朋友一决高下 看谁能抵挡最多轮敌军的攻击 而在 Skate City New York 等 热门 Apple Arcade 游戏中 可以玩每周特别路线，比出最高分 对开发者来说，挑战功能 基于 Game Center 排行榜构建 因此可将单人游戏变成好友间的趣味赛 这样就有更多玩法召集队伍 实时看分、为胜者加冕，以及发起重赛 这就是游戏 app 一站直达超多游戏，还能和好友玩尽兴 现在，交还给 Craig 今天，我们还带来了另一项 iOS 更新 那就是针对视觉智能的重大更新 视觉智能基于 Apple 智能而打造 能够帮你探索周围环境 你只需按下相机控制按钮 或操作按钮 即可调出途经餐馆的评分 路上看到心仪球鞋时，也能找同款 这是你了解周围事物和场所 最快捷的方式 现在，视觉智能功能来到了 iPhone 屏幕上 所看内容都能用来跨 app 搜索和操作 我们精心设计 让你可以充分利用 App Store 中 各款 app 的长处 有请 Billy 为你进一步详解 有了视觉智能，iPhone 屏幕内容 用起来更加事半功倍 它能自动兼容所有 app 比如，我打开一个社交媒体 app 看到这件夹克不错 想知道哪里可以买到类似款式 就可以用视觉智能来查找 而且我可以用熟悉的方式 按下平时截屏用的按钮 现在，屏幕顶部出现了 标记和共享等截屏控制选项 屏幕底部则显示各种视觉智能工具 比如，右下角的图像搜索按钮 我可以轻点此处 在 Google 找到类似的图 或在其他常用 app 中搜索 多亏了视觉智能 我现在知道去哪儿买这种夹克了 接着向下划 这个台灯看起来很酷 让我调出视觉智能 现在，我可以点一下灯去找同款 在常用的各款 app 中搜索，比如 Etsy  当我轻点满意的搜索结果 它便会直接跳转到 app 中 方便我将这款台灯加入收藏 现在，我想看看还有什么新鲜事 假如我看到感兴趣的活动 想把它加进我的日历 视觉智能让这一过程比以往更轻松 注意到屏幕底部的“添加到日历”建议了吗？ 在 Apple 智能的支持下 视觉智能可提取日期、时间和位置等 并预先填好这些信息 而我只需轻点“创建日程” 就这么简单 最后再举个例子 如果我对屏幕上的某物有疑问 比如这件乐器 我只用轻点左下角的“询问”按钮 问 ChatGPT “哪些摇滚歌曲里用到了这种乐器？” 不用来回切换 app 就能帮我回想起来 这感觉太棒了 这就来了 正是我要的答案 视觉智能让我轻松地在各种 app 之间 搜索、操作和提问 现在，交还给 Craig 这还只是一部分例子 展示视觉智能如何 事半功倍处理 iPhone 屏幕内容 而开发者还可以使用 App Intents 将各种 app 的搜索功能也融入到这一体验中 我们还带来了视觉搜索 你可以在各款常用 app 之间 借助视觉智能通过 iPhone 摄像头来实现 你只需将 iPhone 对准 在咖啡馆看到的那件心仪好物 就能在 Anthropologie app 轻松搜同款 我们很高兴带来各种新方式 让视觉智能帮你将眼前内容 玩出更多可能 这就是 iOS 26 全新的设计绚丽出彩 强大的 Apple 智能融合贯穿整个系统 你日常使用的各种 app 也大大提升 还有更多精彩功能 让你的 iPhone 使用体验更上层楼 接下来，交给 David 聊一聊  watchOS 的新功能 Apple Watch 是你的必备好拍档 能帮你与朋友保持联络 跟测体能训练 并为你的健康生活助力 而有了 watchOS 26 这些体验会进一步提升 你日常所用的种种功能都更加优化 正如刚才所介绍的 它采用了精美的全新 Liquid Glass 设计 带来耳目一新的观感 又能让你一下就找到 watchOS 那种熟悉感 它让很多体验都更生动 比如智能叠放 照片表盘的数字、控制中心 以及 app 内的浏览和操控选项 同时让你的内容更醒目易读 除了这些设计更新 watchOS 现在还利用智能技术 更深入地了解你 并主动满足你所需 从体能训练说起 某些时候你也许会需要更多激励 为此，watchOS 带来了 激动人心的全新健身功能 Workout Buddy 得益于 Apple 智能 Workout Buddy 可基于你的健身历史记录 以独特的新方式激励你 有请 Stephanie 详细介绍 Workout Buddy 非常赞 它能一边收集你的各项训练数据 一边快速分析大量的健身历史记录 比如你的配速、记录的公里数 和健身圆环完成情况 甚至你的训练负荷 从而实时洞察你的健身状况 配合 iPhone 上的 Apple 智能 它会给你恰合时宜的鼓励 全新的文本至语音模型 可将这份鼓励转化为 活力十足的生成式语音 它是基于 Fitness+ 教练的语音数据生成 所传达的能量、风格和语调 都与体能训练非常适配 你也可从多种语音中 选出适合自己的来听 看看它在运动中的妙用 更新后的体能训练 app 选取所需功能更方便了 当你开始跑步 Workout Buddy 就会给你加油打气 “开跑了，真棒！” “这是你本周的第二次跑步” “太厉害了” “就要连续六天合上活动圆环了！” “今天跑的步继续为这个记录加码” “跟着 Mura Masa 的电子节奏燃起来” Workout Buddy 还可标记重要时刻 “已经跑了 4 英里” “上个 1 英里配速最快” “用时 8 分 56 秒” “此段你的平均心率是每分钟 157 次” 当然也会为你的成就喝彩 “你刚刚跑完了今年的第 100 英里” “保持这个劲头！” 体能训练结束后，它还会为你的努力点赞 “跑得太棒了！” “全程 6.3 英里，平均配速每英里 9 分 7 秒” “平均心率为每分钟 153 次” “还获得了首个 10 公里跑奖章” “为自己喝彩吧！” “祝你一天好心情” 这就是 Workout Buddy 个性化且私密 它将先推出英文版本 各类热门体能训练项目都适用 无论你何时、何地、以何种方式进行体能训练 它都会是达成目标的强力助攻 体能训练是 Apple Watch 上 最受欢迎的 app 之一 所以我们想打造一个全新布局 自定义体能训练、路线竞速等功能 现在一触即达 这样就能轻松创建 训练加恢复间歇的自定义体能训练 或去常练路线，与上次或最佳成绩比一比 App 中还内置了新的媒体功能 需要音乐，就可以直接让 Apple Music 根据你做的体能训练和你爱的音乐 来选择最佳歌单 也可不用 Apple Music 代劳 你自己选歌单或播客 根据你做哪项运动时听哪些内容 有各种推荐任你选 所以无论是媒体内容还是 Workout Buddy 都能用满满激励助你保持活力 交还给 David watchOS 还增强了许多功能 比如智能叠放 彻底改变了与 Apple Watch 的互动方式 它能快速识别当前的重要事项 为你优先呈现相关信息 今年，智能叠放升级了预测算法 通过将设备端数据，如兴趣点、位置等 与你的日常生活安排结合起来 从而准确预测你当下最用得上的功能 所以当你早上来到健身房，照常开始锻炼 智能叠放提示就会悄然显现 打开智能叠放后 会看到小组件已就绪，随时可以练起来 如果 Apple Watch 检测到你位置偏远 连不上网 它就会提示你开启回溯功能 在你没网时提供支持 而且，Apple Watch 主动性更强了 因为通知功能进一步增强了 你可以使用静音模式 以免响亮的提示音不合时宜地响起 [叮声] 比如这时 但现在 Apple Watch 能够理解 你所处环境的背景噪音 从而自动调节来电和通知提示的音量 [轻柔的叮声] 这样好多了 当你收到一则通知，但想稍后处理 可借助轻翻手腕这一新手势 关闭通知并返回表盘 通过轻翻手腕，你还可以静音来电 关掉计时器和闹钟 甚至关闭智能叠放项目 现在，双指互点两下这类快捷手势 有了轻翻手腕的加盟 这样的便捷感你真得试试 当你想处理某条通知，比如回朋友的信息 有了刚才那些功能的加持 信息 app 更好用了 得益于 Apple 智能，实时翻译可助你 跨越不同语言与亲友保持联络 抬抬手腕就能轻松做到 对话里还能设背景，体验再升级 现在，还能根据信息的语境 通过机器学习来智能建议新操作 方便你快速执行 比如，别人找你时 通过查找 app 共享你的位置 你还多了个轻松记重点的新方式 那就是备忘录 在 Apple Watch 上新登场 给自己快速记条备注 或查看现有内容，都很方便 比如记下朋友推荐的好剧 这样你就能直接从头看起来 watchOS 也为开发者带来了新的 API 有了更优化的位置 API 智能叠放就能在你抵达滑雪场时 显示 Slopes app 的小组件 现在，控制中心里可加入 暗噪声的自定控制选项 这样就能轻松打开助眠音效 不用 iPhone 就搞定 以上就是 watchOS 26 的新功能 惊艳的全新 Liquid Glass 设计 更出色的智能与信息功能 智能叠放提示 以及轻翻手腕这一新手势 还有 Apple 智能助阵健身 app 带来 Workout Buddy 接下来，交给 Justin 聊聊 tvOS tvOS 将 Apple 种种精彩搬进了客厅  包括 Apple TV+ 的原创剧集和电影 Apple Music 的海量曲库 以及各路开发者的 app 杰作 有了 tvOS 26，Apple TV 用起来更享受了 首先就是焕然一新的 Liquid Glass 设计 在大屏上看特别赏心悦目 App 图标感觉更生动鲜活了 不仅采用分层设计 还有新的镜面高光 让每一道边缘更立体细腻 接下来看看我们两款热门 app 有哪些更新 首先是看剧的 Apple TV app 新设计大大提升了使用体验 当你在 Apple TV+ 中开始追好剧 比如《Your Friends &amp; Neighbors》 马上就能发现播放控制选项下 画面以折射效果呈现 巧妙融入了操作选项，还不干扰看剧 控制中心也采用了这种低调贴心的设计 因此当你设置睡眠定时 画面依然透亮可见 继续浏览，会看到亮眼的新界面 大片质感的精美海报 探索你喜爱的内容会感觉轻松又有趣 当然，Apple TV+ 上总有新片追不停 一系列超赞的原创内容即将来袭 先睹为快 “为什么是你，来讲述这个故事？” “你能看到什么，是别人看不到的？” “你要告诉全世界” “一切才刚刚开始” “格局打开” “这是我们的家园” “我会保护好大家” “未来已经到来” “是时候看看前方还有什么” “你挺享受这种亲自上阵的刺激，是吧？” “是不是应该摆 SOS？” “不，这才是咱俩的风格” “他们会懂的” “金钱将引发危机” “混乱也将接踵而至” “离矛盾爆发只有一步之遥了” “有 22 个孩子在那辆公交车上” “我一定要把他们送回父母身边” “所有人蹲下！” “你真该看看自己飞出去多远” “太惊人了” “这就是一切前进的方向” “我想问你” “你搞得定吗？” “坚持住！” “如果这是一次绩效评估” “有一说一，我绝对杀疯了” 这还只是开胃前菜 敬请期待吧 有这么多好戏 让你快速找到想看的内容，就很重要了 这正是个人资料功能的妙用 现在，你可以设置 Apple TV 来显示个人资料 这样每次唤醒后 大家都能选取自己的资料 直接继续看剧、看比赛、听歌 投入各自所爱 而对于开发者，tvOS 还带来 全新自动登录 API 将 app 登录与 Apple 账户关联起来 这样就不用在每部 Apple 设备上 再单独登录 设置新 Apple TV 就容易多了 当然，追剧观影只是 Apple TV 的拿手好戏之一 另一项绝技是 Apple Music 有惬意的歌单帮你放放松 还有唱歌功能让你一展风采 搭配 tvOS，用 Apple Music 唱歌更带感 iPhone 变身你的麦克风 并通过电视放大你的声音 还有视觉特效给大屏添彩 好友聚会时，每个人都能加入进来 用各自的 iPhone 添加歌曲到点歌单 在屏幕上用表情符号应援 或是跟着喜爱的歌手轮番献唱 以上所介绍的只是 tvOS 26 的 一部分新功能 基于 Liquid Glass 的全新设计 带来了更生动、更具沉浸感的体验 Apple TV app 新加入了精美的海报 Apple Music 唱歌功能也更趣味十足 接下来有请 Craig 来聊聊 macOS [汽车引擎轰鸣声] [自行车铃声] macOS 深受大家青睐 不仅有学生、创意人士、开发者 还有那些喜欢它优雅简约的设计 和强大功能的人 今年我们从大家最爱的 macOS 体验出发 打造了一个满足不同用户 各种需求的全新版本 但是该给它取个什么名字呢？ 一开始，我们的产品营销天团坚定认为 直接把年份加在后面就行 这命名足以对得起自己的年薪 但这可是 macOS，必须再花花心思 好在运气不错 他们在每周的“滑雪战略会”上 用炫酷技巧滑了几道惊艳轨迹后 一行人便钻进那辆传奇小巴随性而行 直到抵达一处碧水与高山相依 美到窒息的秘境 答案涌现 让我为大家介绍 macOS Tahoe macOS Tahoe 满载各种美观又强大的工具 让你能以独特的方式来用 Mac 它包含众多之前提到的 iOS 新功能 比如信息 app 的背景设置和筛选工具 提供更多选项的图乐园和智绘表情 以及实时翻译功能 还有更多更新之处 将 macOS 的体验带到全新高度 先来看看这亮眼新设计 它进一步优化了 macOS 的标志性元素 既延续了 Mac 的经典风格 又让人耳目一新 进入桌面的那一刻，熟悉的一切扑面而来 小组件、程序坞和各个 app 图标 都经过 Liquid Glass 的雕琢 各种 app 的使用体验也更上一层楼 边栏和工具栏的设计 让你的工作空间更具纵深感 在滚动浏览时可隐约透出下层内容 取用也很方便 这项设计上的更新不仅视觉效果惊艳 还以全新方式提升了 macOS 的使用体验 现在菜单栏完全透明 让显示屏看起来更大 菜单栏和控制中心也有更多自定义选项 显示哪些、如何排布都好设置 可选择的新控制项非常多 甚至还能添加 Zoom 等常用 Mac app  以及各种 iPhone app 的控制项 我们还解锁了全新方式  让你的 Mac 更显个人风格 你可以改变文件夹的颜色 还能加个图标或表情符号来区分 用来管理项目超好用 再配合个性化墙纸和主题配色 轻轻松松就能让 Mac 尽显你风格 你可以选择简洁、清透的外观 也可以换成深色风格来搭配工作环境 无论你做什么 全新设计都能让你的 macOS 体验 更灵动、更具表现力、更个性化 说到超赞的新体验 让我们来聊聊连续互通功能 连续互通让你能在 各款 Apple 设备间无缝协作 这次我们很高兴为大家介绍 两项新的连续互通功能 首先是“实时活动”来到了 Mac 上 当你在 iPhone 上用 Uber Eats 点完外卖 订单的实时活动信息 也会出现在 Mac 的菜单栏 点按这个信息 iPhone 镜像窗口就会打开相应 app 所以你能直接在 Mac 上进行操作 此外我们还增强了通话体验 把电话 app 带到 Mac 上 你能方便快捷地取用各种常用内容 比如从 iPhone 同步的最近通话 通讯录和语音留言等 还能一键拨打电话 来电界面在更大的屏幕上 显得格外赏心悦目 还可以为亲朋好友配上 亮丽的名片海报 而我们先前提到的各种精彩更新 在 Mac 的电话 app 中全都有 包括通话保留助理、通话筛选和实时翻译 以上就是连续互通的新功能 下面要介绍的一些新功能 灵感来自专业用户的 Mac 使用方式 先从快捷指令说起 有请 Raja 为各位详细讲解 快捷指令可帮助用户更快速高效地 处理日常事务 通过整合常用 app 的多个操作步骤 快捷指令可根据个人需求创建出 强大的自动化功能 在 macOS Tahoe 中 你可以让这些指令自动运行 例如在指定时间运行 也可以在执行特定操作时运行 比如将文件存进文件夹时 或在连接显示器时运行 配合 Apple 智能 我们还推出众多智能操作 让你创建出比以往更强大的快捷指令 你将看到各种专为常用功能而设的操作 比如用写作工具总结文本 或用图乐园创作图片 我们还加了一项超赞的新操作 可让你直接调用各种 Apple 智能模型 并将所得数据补充进快捷指令 举个例子，假设你是一位学生 你可以创建一个快捷指令 来比对自己的讲座录音与笔记 看看哪里需要查漏补缺 你可以通过以下方式接入 Apple 智能模型 设备端 专用云计算 或使用 ChatGPT 来发挥其广博全面的知识库和专业度 运行快捷指令最快的方式之一 是使用聚焦功能 这方面我们有更多更新要分享 “聚焦”一直是用户搜索信息的核心入口 现在这个功能迎来了迄今最重大的更新 首先，“聚焦”将会是你浏览 Mac 上内容 最快捷的方式 它能让你轻松找到需要的相关文件 还能根据你的日常习惯 或当前操作给出智能建议 你还可以用它查看所有的 app 得益于 iPhone 镜像功能 你甚至还能启动 Headspace 这种 只有 iPhone 上才有的 app 我们还在“聚焦”中引入了 系统级和 app 级操作 你可以执行多达数百种操作，从创建日程 到录制音频，或是播放播客 而且不管当前在用哪个 app 都能随手进行操作 你甚至能为某个操作设置参数 比如说你要发封电子邮件 可以直接写正文、加收件人 添加主题 直接在键盘上动动手指就行 当前所用 app 的许多工具栏项目 也可直接从“聚焦”调用 对开发者来说 这些项目会在“聚焦”中自动显现 这在使用 Acorn 这类 功能丰富的 app 时会非常实用 为了“聚焦”中的操作执行更快 我们还推出了快捷短语功能 只需输入短字符就能执行相应操作 要发短信直接输入“sm” 新建提醒事项可输入“ar” 然后再写提醒事项 你执行过的系统级和 app 级操作 会自动生成快捷短语 下面我来演示一下 如何用“聚焦”快速处理事务 先同时按下 Command 键和空格键 调出“聚焦”界面 来查个文档 内容是我最近正在构想的一个新功能 “聚焦”的搜索体验更出色了 所有结果会一并列出 并按照相关性智能排序 还能根据需要来筛选结果 我们来打开这个文档 之前我拷贝过一张图片到剪贴板 现在把它粘贴进来 就是这样，直接拉一下大小 看起来不错 但也许把图片背景去掉会更好看 这时可以用“聚焦”直接在键盘上操作 一切超简单 先搜索移除背景功能 找到 Pages 文稿的这个菜单项 按下回车键 大功告成 再快速调整一下图片位置 搞定！ 今天早些时候我还拷贝了一张图表 我想把它也加进来 使用 macOS Tahoe 很棒的一点是 现在能用“聚焦”找到剪贴板历史记录 就是右边这个选项 这个功能超实用 轻松就能找到我之前拷贝过的 图片、文字或链接 这就是我需要的图表 按个回车，它就进文档里了 再来调调大小 然后放在这里就好 不错，整体已经快成型了 但这句标题还可以再出彩一点 我之前做的一个快捷指令 正好派上用场 我可以从“聚焦”运行这个指令 通过我设定的快捷短语 还能更快调用 输入“ct”，就能调出“Create Taglines” 来创建标题 “聚焦”现在还可感知情境 会建议使用当前所编辑的文档 然后快捷指令会接手文档 并通过 Apple 智能模型 给我新的灵感 看看效果 一般 有点意思 赞，就这句了 按下回车把标题加好 完美！差不多齐活了 现在我想把它加到无边记看板上 方便我和团队整理思路 我会用“聚焦”来搜索这个看板 “聚焦”知道我经常向这个创意看板 添加文档 所以会直接提供这个选项，就在这儿 文档已在列，可随时操作 棒极了！ 文档就位，所有调整也到位 把它放到我的“灵感收藏”工作区 小伙伴们一定会喜欢 这只是“聚焦”和快捷短语 帮我提升效率的一个例子 而对开发者来说 可以让 app 内容和操作选项 从“聚焦”中出现 也可以由快捷指令调用 这借助 App Intents API 就能实现 现在，交还给 Craig 从设计到连续互通，再到生产力 macOS Tahoe 在方方面面 都带来了重大更新 同样升级的还有游戏体验 首先来看全新的游戏 app 它将 Mac 上所有游戏都集合在一处 在游戏中，点按控制器 即可调出全新的游戏叠层 方便你玩游戏时调整关键的系统设置 与好友聊天，或邀他们一起玩 对开发者来说 macOS Tahoe 引入了 Metal 4 为游戏带来新一代渲染技术 包括帧插值和去噪等 除了这些提升 炫酷的游戏阵容也在继续壮大 最近已有超多新作入列 还有更多即将登场 例如 Pearl Abyss 出品的《Crimson Desert》 它充分发挥出了 Apple 芯片的强大性能 呈现出格外惊艳的画面和动态效果 营造一个细节满满、沉浸感十足 震撼人心的开放世界 《inZOI》则通过深度的自定义设置 和精美的视觉呈现 让玩家主导的游戏故事 焕发鲜活的新乐趣 Apple 芯片和 MetalFX 技术联手 将每个角色形象及光源效果 都打造得生动逼真 同时神经网络引擎 也为 AI 模型提供卓越性能 Mac 版《inZOI》自今天开始接受预购 并将于今年晚些时候 和游戏主机版及 PC 版同步发售 以上就是 Mac 在游戏方面的更新 关于 macOS Tahoe 就介绍到这里 这套系统强得逆天 绝美的新设计、称心的连续互通体验 还有各种强大功能，助你生产力大爆发 接下来一起看看 visionOS 有哪些更新 有请 Mike 去年，我们推出了 Apple Vision Pro 这款开创性的空间计算设备 将数字化内容无缝融入现实世界 个人和企业用户都对 Vision Pro 赞不绝口 因为它为我们解锁了前所未有的体验 今年，我们带来了 visionOS 的大规模更新 visionOS 26 满载突破性的空间体验 为企业而设的强大功能 还有在全新空间配件的加持下 大大扩展的输入能力 以及精彩纷呈的空间内容 不仅如此 它还支持今天介绍的各项 Apple 智能功能 比如图乐园的更新、新增的支持语言等 首先是一些超赞的空间新体验 它们即将登陆 visionOS 比如小组件 用户超爱用小组件 它们能提供个性化的实用信息 而且一目了然 在 visionOS 中 小组件变得立体，能无缝融入你的空间 还会一直停留在你摆放的位置 小组件也支持自定义 边框的宽度、颜色和深度 都能按你喜好自定 visionOS 现新增多个精美小组件 时钟小组件 钟面设计独特而精致 天气小组件会随当日预报 动态显示天气变化 音乐小组件方便你快速 直达最爱的歌 照片小组件能让你透过一扇窗 来看惊艳的全景照片 直达另一时空的美 以上这些及更多小组件 统统纳入新的小组件 app 包括那些兼容此功能的 常用 app 的小组件 开发者也可为自己的 app 创建小组件 visionOS 还能记住你放置 app 的位置 方便你在空间中布置数字化内容 每当你戴上 Vision Pro 这些内容都会保持在原位 即便重启设备也没问题 我们之前在 iOS 上见识到的空间场景 同样也来到了 visionOS 有请 Haley 为大家讲解 去年，我们让你能在平面照片上 轻松添加自然的空间感 而有了 visionOS 26  你的回忆会变得更加真实生动 它运用全新的 AI 算法 配合空间计算的景深 为你的平面照片生成多个透视 让图像更有生命力 这些空间场景让你 仿佛可以置身其中、环顾四周 我们迫不及待想让你 打开照片 app 亲自体验一番 你也可以在新的空间画廊 app 中欣赏 并在这里探索由 Apple 推荐的 精彩新内容 在空间场景中浏览网页也更沉浸 只需选择空间浏览 让支持此功能的网页变身 各种干扰项会被隐藏 内嵌图片随滚动生动呈现 像 Zillow 这样的开发者 还可以将空间场景融入自己的 app 打造更逼真的体验 用 Vision Pro 与他人分享的体验 也是特别棒的 为了让这种感受更出色 我们对自影像功能进行了大升级 自影像最初是作为 Beta 版功能发布的 用来在视频通话中代表你的形象 在 visionOS 26 中，自影像全面进化 能更真实地呈现出你的样子 这些提升非常震撼 头发、睫毛、肤色 这些特征都能精准复刻 让你的自影像看起来更真实自然 而且仍是短短几秒就能在设备上生成 如今，自影像让你能 与远方的朋友亲密联络 那如何将同样的 Vision Pro 体验 与身边的人分享呢？ 现在你可以和好友一起看最新电影 或一起玩空间游戏 这项功能也非常适合企业 员工们可以使用各种 app 比如 Dassault Systèmes 推出的 3DLive  和同事一起看看 3D 设计的效果 面对面或远程都行 更多适合企业的功能 请 Mike 继续介绍 全球有数百家公司 运用 Vision Pro 独特的软硬件功能 大大强化了在设计、培训、销售等 各方面的工作流程 有了 visionOS 26 团队成员就可以轻松共享一组设备 你可以将眼睛和手部的数据 还有验光处方及辅助功能设置 安全存储在 iPhone 上 这样你就能以客人用户的身份 快速使用共享的团队设备 或好友的 Vision Pro 我们还新增了更多 API 助企业打造出专属 visionOS 的 各款突破性 app 比如，新的受保护内容 API 这是一个名副其实的“仅限本人可见”模式 确保只有被授予权限的人 才能查看保密信息 比如医疗记录或商业预测 内容和体验的交互方式，现在也更多了 有了对空间配件的支持 你就可以在空间的各个方位上自由发挥  隆重介绍这款 专为 Vision Pro 打造的 Logitech Muse 它解锁了全新的创意工作流程 让你能在 Spatial Analogue 这类 app 中 实现精密的三维立体绘图与协作 还有个喜讯 visionOS 26 即将支持  Sony 的 PlayStation VR2 Sense 游戏手柄 像 Pickle Pro 这类 visionOS 端游戏 可充分利用运动跟踪性能 玩起来更沉浸 当然，人们不仅爱用 Vision Pro 来工作和玩游戏 还很爱看各种空间内容 比如 Apple 沉浸视频 让你置身于各种故事、活动和冒险的精彩中 体验无与伦比的真实感 visionOS 26 还带来了 更多创作新内容的方式 例如基于 Premiere 打造的 全新 visionOS 版 Adobe app 让你能直接在 Vision Pro 中 编辑和预览空间视频 很多人存了超多动感十足的视频 如果在传统的平面显示器上播放 可能会看起来平淡又失真 为了解决这个问题 我们与 GoPro、Insta360 和 Canon 合作 实现了在 visionOS 中支持原生播放 180 度、360 度以及广角视频 让你能重新体验那些难忘时刻 就像回到当时当地一样 网页开发者还能将 3D 物体 直接嵌入页面 这样你就能看到 具有纵深感和立体感的物体 还能将它们拉到空间中细看 这项功能与空间浏览一起 标志着空间网络体验的开始 还有更多凭实力圈粉的新功能 比如新的木星环境，蔚为壮观 你可以站在木卫五卫星上，加速时间流转 随着阳光照亮这颗气态巨行星的表面 你会看到巨大的风暴在肆意翻腾 这就是 visionOS 26 的重磅发布 更多空间体验，超越以往 各种新方式让 Vision Pro 用户 无论远近都能轻松联络 还有满满机遇助力企业、开发者和创作者 去实现突破性的功能和内容 现在，有请 Craig 介绍 iPadOS 的精彩更新 iPadOS 26 重磅登场 首先入眼的是精美的新设计 给你赏心悦目的整体体验 从锁定屏幕，时间的呈现方式焕然一新 到主屏幕，app 图标和小组件也设计一新 再到 Apple TV 等 app 始终把你的内容放在首位 Apple 智能也与 iPadOS 全面整合 你可借助实时翻译功能顺畅沟通 语言不再是障碍 有了 Apple 智能 快捷指令更是锦上添花 还有很多你熟知的 iOS 和 macOS 功能 也非常适合在 iPad 上使用 包括信息 app 带来投票功能和优化的群聊体验 崭新的电话 app，接打电话都称手 以及全新的游戏 app，既给你丰富的选择 又能让你约亲友一起畅玩 以上这些精彩功能，还只是开了个头 这些年，我们不断突破 iPad 的极限 让它更便携、更强大、更灵活多用 iPad 也助力全球用户尽展所长 无论是想窝在沙发上 偷闲享受惬意时光 还是将 iPad 用作画布勾画下一幅大作 人们对 iPad 爱不释手 有些人甚至期望更多 为此，今年我们继续推进 iPadOS 的性能 着重提升多任务处理 以及文件、音频和视频的各种操作 先看看多任务处理，我们实现了巨大飞跃 这就是大家期待已久的 iPad 新窗口系统 它专门针对 iPad 的特点而设计 可实现一系列强大功能，满足用户所需 让你能轻松控制、整理和切换不同的窗口 这项功能超棒，请 Cindy 来具体演示 这个经过重新构建与设计的窗口系统 沿袭了 iPad 一贯的简洁风格 先打开一个 app，它会全屏显示 我轻扫返回主屏幕，再打开一个 它仍然是全屏显示 如果这样用，就和以前一样简单 但现在，我还能用右下角的控制柄 来顺畅调整 app 窗口的大小 如果之前已经调过大小，再次打开时 它会以相同尺寸，在相同位置出现 然后，我可以随意摆放在喜欢的地方 这个设计，直接触控或使用触控板都好用 现在还有更精准、更灵敏的指针 当我将指针悬停在左上角这些新按钮上 它们会扩展成常见的控制项 能用来关闭或将窗口最小化 而轻点相应的 app 图标 就能把它们调回来 另一种排列窗口的方式是平铺 专门针对 iPad 的特点而设计 只需向屏幕边缘轻轻一划就行 整个过程超丝滑，整理窗口超轻松 这里甚至有个小控制柄 可以同时调整这两个窗口的大小 如果按住窗口控制项 会看到更多平铺选项 让我们选四等分 通过这个重新构建窗口系统 我能打开更多窗口 如果我需要的 app 不在程序坞中 只需轻扫，就能回主屏幕看 如果点开一个 app 之前打开的窗口也会一起弹出 要快速查看所有打开的窗口 现在有 Exposé 从底部向上轻扫并停住 所有窗口就会铺开 需要哪个就点一下，把它移到最前面 如果想腾点空间，或专注于某个 app 可以先轻扫回到主屏幕 再向上轻扫将所有窗口最小化 这时再打开一个 app，就只会出现它一个 清清爽爽，方便各种操作 这就是 iPad，就这么简简单单 有时候你需要查看和 访问某个 app 的所有功能 所以我们为 iPad 增添了菜单栏 可以从屏幕上方随时取用 还是熟悉的布局 各个标签化选项也一目了然 需要什么功能，马上能找到 我们已经快速了解了 iPadOS 26 的菜单栏和窗口运作 镜头交还给你，Craig 厉害了，更多窗口、指向性更强的指针 还有菜单栏？ 谁能想得到 今天的发布太炸裂了 而且，这些更新不仅适用于 iPad Pro 和 iPad Air 这种全新的窗口架构 在所有运行 iPadOS 26 的 iPad 上都能实现 包括 iPad 和 iPad mini 它还能与台前调度功能默契配合 并支持外接显示器 这是 iPad 上的一次大跨越 同时运行多个 app 的方式大翻新 现在，请 Tonna 来介绍一些其他更新 先说说文件 app 当你处理较复杂的项目时 比如创建一个网站 编辑大量照片，或设计演示文稿 往往要跨多个 app 处理很多文件 为了简化操作，我们推出一系列增强功能 来帮你管理、取用和编辑文件 首先，我们强势升级了文件 app 它满载众多功能，包括更新的列表视图 你可以调节栏宽或折叠文件夹 来查看更多详情 文件夹的自定义选项，也与 macOS 相同 可自定义色彩和图标 还可跨设备同步 找文件从此更轻松 用什么 app 打开文件 现在也由你来定 还能设成默认打开方式 比如选 Photoshop、VSCO 或 Darkroom 打开图像文件 为了拿文件更方便 你现在还能将文件夹放在程序坞里 只要将文件 app 中的文件夹 拖进程序坞就行 当你轻点一个文件夹 里面的文件会呈扇形排列出来 用来存取下载的文件 近期的文档或常用文件夹都再合适不过 不管你使用的是哪款 app 都无所谓 此外，把文件拖进拖出文件夹也很方便 现在，PDF 文件越来越常用 为此，我们将 macOS 一款 备受喜爱的 app 带到 iPadOS 上 预览 预览是一款专门用来查看和 编辑 PDF 的 app 配合 Apple Pencil 标记和 自动填充等强大工具 从查看、注释、填写到划重点 都非常方便 它还自带众多好用的工具 可用来编辑图像 并以不同的格式和尺寸导出 有了更新的文件 app、程序坞中的文件夹 以及预览 app 用 iPadOS 处理文件从未如此轻松 今年，我们同样为处理复杂工作做足准备 尤其是音频和视频项目 首先是更好地控制音频输入 内容创作者希望各项配置尽在掌握 包括让配件发挥出卓越的品质 比如高端麦克风 为了方便你选择合适的麦克风 我们新增了音频输入选择器 它甚至能为每款 app 挑选不同的麦克风 这项功能也适用于网页 这样创作者就能在 Alitu 等常用网站上 用最合工作需求的麦克风来录音频 如果在录音同时能屏蔽环境声 就能进一步提升音频的质量 因此，我们将提供语音突显功能 无论你在使用哪款 app 它都能确保语音清晰悦耳 为了更加方便操作 创作者现在还可直接使用 AirPods  录制录音棚级的人声 得益于优化的音调平衡及音色 你的声音听起来格外真实 这也让 AirPods 成为内容制作的好选择 为了远程录制更方便 创作者只需按住 AirPods 的耳机柄 就能开始或停止视频录制 此外，考虑到有些播客主持人 会使用视频通话功能录制节目 iPad 的本地采集功能 让你能直接制作精彩内容 呈现高品质的录音效果 你常用的视频会议 app 都能使用这项功能 只要在控制中心打开 就能用 iPad 从本地捕捉高品质的影音内容 你还可消除其他与会者的音频回声 让你的声音始终响亮突出 这样你就能从自己这一端 录下清晰的通话内容 通话结束后，每位本地采集的使用者 都能轻松分享各自的音频和视频文件 你可以收集文件，挑选最清楚的录音 来制作访谈或播客节目 接下来是编辑和导出内容 为了把操作变得更简单 我们在 iPad 上推出了后台任务功能 借助强大的 Apple 芯片 iPad 能在后台运行时间长、算量大的任务 因此，当你执行内容导出等 耗时持久的任务时 尽可放心切换去别的 app 它会自己继续运行 这期间，后台任务会以实时活动的形式 让你始终了解哪些程序正在运行 确保样样尽在掌控 对开发者来说 Shapr3D 和 DaVinci Resolve 等 app 也将能通过更新的后台任务 API 发挥出连续处理的优势 再加上音频输入控制 和高品质内容采集等方面的种种更新 专业创作者的工作将变得更高效 镜头交还给你，Craig 影音工作流程大提速 文件的操作方式大幅改进 iPad 的窗口系统也迎来迄今最大更新 具有革新意义的 iPadOS 亮相登场 我们已迫不及待想让你试试看了 时间有限，还有很多功能来不及细说 比如先进的 3D 绘图功能和数学笔记 用来体验传统书法的全新芦苇笔功能 还有手记 app 也加入 iPad 并支持 Apple Pencil 这就是 iPadOS 26 凭借新颖的设计 由 Apple 智能加持的更多功能 以及生产力的大步飞跃 让 iPad 的独到本领更加精进 这是 iPadOS 迄今最重磅的发布 以上就是我们软件平台的众多更新 有了这么多实用功能 你的日常活动将更得心应手 而且，正如你在今天的演示中所见 有了 Apple 智能 我们的平台比以往更强大、更好用 我们会继续将 Apple 智能 整合进整个生态系统 让各种好用的新功能 融入各种日常 app 任你随需而用 无论是通过实时翻译顺畅交流 利用视觉智能探索 app 的内容 和 Workout Buddy 一起跑，互相加油打气 还是用强大的快捷指令加快工作速度等 Apple 智能的这些崭新功能 将持续提升你使用 iPhone、Apple Watch Apple Vision Pro、Mac 和 iPad 体验 给你最实用也最适用的协助 如你所见，除了面向用户发布的内容 今年对开发者来说也意义非凡 基础模型框架 让开发者能使用我们的模型 并以纯文本格式获得回应 或将这些模型用作结构化 Swift 数据 App Intents 让开发者能在整个系统中 关联自己 app 的内容和功能 包括新的快捷指令以及视觉智能体验 我们的 SDK 也有许多亮点等你发掘 比如 Swift 的最新优化 让你能更轻松地编写安全高效的代码 还有 SwiftUI 中的新 API 让开发者能跨所有 Apple 平台 打造现代感的用户界面 当然，今年开发者心目中最重要的更新之一 还得是 Liquid Glass 这一新设计 它让开发者重新构想 app 的外观和风格 让每一次交互都变得更加直观和愉悦 如果想深入了解，这周我们有专门的讲座 还有机会与 Apple 工程师和设计师直接交流 我们的各类工具也有激动人心的更新 比如新的 Icon Composer app Icon Composer 可帮助开发者和设计师 创建有层次的炫酷图标 浅色、深色、彩色和透明外观都很出色 甚至能呈现出光线在 Liquid Glass 上的变化效果 我们还为 Xcode 带来更强大的生成式智能 预测代码补全功能的准确度更高了 可更广泛地分析代码中的上下文 此外，我们拓展了 Swift Assist 的能力范围 开发者能直接在 Xcode 中 使用自然语言与代码交互 开发者现在还能使用自选的模型 我们还为 ChatGPT 的高级编程模型 内置了支持功能 这种独特的体验 在源代码编辑器和这一辅助工具间 十分顺畅自然 无论是写代码、测试、文档编制、设计迭代 还是修复棘手的编译器错误，都不在话下 想了解更多新工具和新技术 欢迎参加 Platforms State of the Union 现在，再次有请 Tim 谢谢你，Craig 也谢谢所有演讲人员 对于我们的用户和开发者 今天绝对是个重磅发布的大日子 我们的每个平台都在不断突破进取 Apple 智能有了更多用武之地 全新设计精美绝伦 我们产品的使用体验也更流畅自如，令人愉悦 我们迫不及待想让开发者将这些新功能 和新设计语言应用到他们的 app 中 新操作系统的开发者 Beta 版将于今天推出 公开 Beta 版将于下月推出 到今年秋天，所有用户都能用上新系统 感谢所有的开发者 你们创造的 app，让这个世界越来越好 感谢大家的观看 未来一周将会精彩纷呈 祝大家 WWDC 快乐尽兴！ App Store 用户大实话 特别的歌给特别的你，感谢生活中有你 各种 app 的开发者们 [喔！] 用 iPhone 拍摄，并以 Mac 剪辑制作

