# WWDC 2020 Special Event Keynote —  Apple

### Tim Cook

> **EN:** Good morning. And welcome to WWDC.
> **ZH:** 早上好 欢迎参加 WWDC 全球开发者大会 WWDC 全球开发者大会对于 Apple 我们的开发者以及用户而言极其重要

### Tim Cook

> **EN:** And we want to welcome you to our home here at Apple Park.
> **ZH:** 无论你身处世界何地 都可直接在家中观看本次大会 我们在 Apple Park 欢迎你观看这场大会 首先 我想谈论现在在全球

### Yael

> **EN:** You get back the text and audio right away. And just turn the phone to landscape to open conversation mode. We've designed a side-by-side view that's easy for two people to know which side to follow in the conversation. This mode is incredibly intuitive, with just a single microphone button because the app intelligently detects the language spoken and shows translation on the correct side of the screen. Translate will make communicating between languages easier than ever before, connecting people in new ways. And we can't wait for you to try it. Thanks, Yael. Next up, Messages. Messages is how many of us communicate with people most important to us. And now we're using it more than ever. Compared to just a year ago, we have a record number of users sending a record number of messages. And we've seen people use Messages more and more to keep in touch with their closest groups. This year, we're introducing a new way to stay connected with your most important conversations, giving you new ways to express your identity with Memoji and making big changes to how we communicate in groups. To tell you more, here's Stacey Lysik. Thanks, Craig. First, let's get started with Conversations. From the beginning, Messages was designed to make it really easy to get to your newest messages. But with so many active conversations, sometimes it can be tough to get to the ones that are most important to you. So we are introducing a new way to let you stay connected to your most important conversations: by letting you pin them at the top of your list so you can always get to them. And you can see messages as they come in with a beautiful animation on the pin. Next, let's talk about expressing yourself with Memoji. There are over one trillion ways to customize your identity with Memoji. In iOS 14, we're adding even more ways to create your look with over 20 new hair and headwear styles to let you reflect your hobby, profession and personality. We've also added something that's even more relevant today: face coverings. And we're adding more age options too. My favorite way of using Memoji is with Memoji stickers. And now we have three brand-new Memoji stickers that let you send a hug, a fist bump or even a blush to your friends. Last, let's chat about groups. When you're talking to a group, sometimes there's so much going on, it can be hard to keep track of the conversation. So this year, we're gonna help you bring order to the chaos. First we're adding inline replies that let you reply directly to a specific message. You can view replies in the full conversation or you can view them as their own thread so you can focus in on the specific topic. To make it even more clear who a message was meant for, we're introducing mentions. With mentions, you can just type someone's name to direct a message to them. And now you have the ability to only be notified when you're mentioned in the group conversation. And check out the top of this conversation. We have an all-new design for how groups appear. It lets you see all the members of your group, where the most recently active people are shown largest. And, for the first time ever, you can create a unique visual identity for your group by setting a group photo or customizing your group's look with an emoji. Inside the conversation you see group members' photos around the image. Of course it looks great as a pin. You know who's most recently commented in the group because their photo will appear around the outside of the pin. And that's what's coming to Messages in iOS 14: all-new pinned conversations, fun updates to Memoji and powerful improvements to groups. Thanks, Stacey. Next, let's take a look at features that help us while we're out and about. Now we know that life looks very different for many of us right now, but it won't always be this way. And as things start to open up, we have a new set of features that will help us explore the world again, starting with Maps. Apple Maps is the best way to navigate and explore the world, all while protecting your privacy. Over the past several years, we've added many great features, and of course we've been rebuilding our map from the ground up. Our new map finished rolling out across the US earlier this year and brought with it better navigation and far richer detail for roads, pedestrian paths, landcover and more. The new map also offers more accurate information for places and allows us to build incredible features like Look Around. Maps has come a long way, and people have noticed. Just look at this quote from Fast Company. "Apple Maps has improved by leaps and bounds and is a formidable rival to Google Maps. It's also arguably got the better UI, and by far-- by far-- the better privacy policy." We're excited to announce we're bringing our new map to more countries later this year, including the UK, Ireland and Canada. In addition to the rich detail and improved accuracy, the new map serves as the foundation for many great new features. In iOS 14, we're adding things that will make it easier for people to find places they love and help them get to where they're going in ways that are better for the environment. To tell you more, I'll hand it off to Meg Frost. Thanks, Craig. First, let's talk about finding great places. We have millions of people coming to Maps every day to discover great new places, whether they're planning their next big vacation or just looking for something to eat nearby. In iOS 14, the Maps team will be working with some of the world's most trusted brands to offer amazing Guides. Guides for great places to eat, shop, meet friends or explore in cities around the world. You can save Guides so you can easily get back to them later, and the best part is they automatically update when new places are added, so you always have the latest recommendations. In addition to helping you discover great new places, Maps helps you get there in a way that's better for the planet. For years, Maps has made it easy to navigate using environmentally-friendly options like public transit and walking. With iOS 14, we're introducing great new features to help our users reduce their carbon footprint, and our first one is also our most requested: It's Cycling. We've built an incredible cycling experience that helps you get around town on your bike. We're adding a dedicated cycling option to Maps which allows users to ride their bike along bike lanes, paths and roads. Maps takes elevation into account to let you know if you're in for a challenging uphill workout or a leisurely flat ride. You can also see if your route includes quiet or busy roads. We'll even let you know if you have a steep passage coming up or if you'll need to carry your bike up the stairs. You can also choose to avoid stairs altogether. With iOS 14, we're bringing cycling to New York City, LA, the San Francisco Bay Area, along with a number of cities in China like Shanghai and Beijing. And we'll be adding many more cities in the coming months. For environmentally conscious drivers, we're also introducing EV routing. If you have an electric car, Maps is going to help eliminate range anxiety. With iOS 14, Maps will track your current charge and factor in things like elevation and weather to automatically add charging stops along your route. And Maps will know which type of charger works for your car, making sure to only route you to compatible stations. We're working with a number of manufacturers to support EV routing in their vehicles, including BMW and Ford, and we'll be adding many more in the near future. Cities around the world are also working to improve air quality and reduce traffic, so we're adding congestion and green zones to Maps to easily see where they are along with alternate routing options. In addition, drivers in China can securely store their license plate number on their iPhone, and Maps will let them know which days they can enter congested city centers based on that number. And those are just some of the great new features coming to Apple Maps in iOS 14, making Maps the best product to help users explore and navigate their world. Thanks, Meg. And now, on to CarPlay, which has transformed the driving experience for iPhone owners by being the smarter, safer way to use the apps you love in your car. CarPlay is everywhere, and it's incredibly popular. Here in the US, it's available on basically every new car. And worldwide, it's available on over 80% of new cars sold and has quickly become the default in-car experience for so many people. People love CarPlay, and we get some really passionate reactions. Joanna Stern says it makes her life "infinitely better." We have some great updates for iOS 14. First up, we have new wallpaper options perfect for the car. And we're adding support for new categories of CarPlay apps: parking, EV charging and quick food ordering. In addition to this, we're really excited for the next step in how we're transforming your relationship with your car by rethinking car keys. They've been around for over a hundred years, but they've become big, bulky and ripe for reimagining. To tell you more about what we have planned, let's go to the garage with Emily Schubert. Thanks, Craig. I'm excited to introduce a digital version of car keys. Now you can leave your keys at home and unlock and start your car with your iPhone. And the very first car to support this will be the new 2021 BMW 5 Series. Let me show you how it works. It's super simple. -It uses NFC, and you just tap to unlock. -[beeps] And I place my phone on the charging pad and then push to start. [chimes] But this goes beyond just one less thing you have to keep in your pocket. Digital keys have security benefits. They live in the Secure Element of your iPhone, and if it goes missing, you can turn off your keys remotely via iCloud. They're even easier to share than a physical key. Copies don't involve trips to the dealership. And you can share from wherever you are with iMessage. Let's give Craig a key so he can drive home after we're done here. With each key you share, you can set options, like a restricted driving profile, perfect for teen drivers. Which is tempting, but we'll give Craig full access. [phone chimes] -[phone chimes] -Full access? Thanks, Emily. The new BMW will be available to customers next month. In addition to adding this feature to iOS 14, we're also enabling it in iOS 13, so customers can use their car keys even sooner. Of course, we want this to work in any car, so we've been working on standards with industry groups. And this is just the beginning. We're working on technology that will leverage our U1 chip, which uses Ultra Wideband technology for precise spatial awareness. So you'll be able to leave your iPhone in your bag or pocket and still securely unlock and start your car. We expect to see support for this standard starting in new cars next year. Now, let's turn to the App Store. Twelve years ago, we revolutionized the industry with the launch of the App Store. Today we have so many amazing apps that offer a rich set of experiences, we can truly say that for everything we want to do, "There's an app for that." So now it's time for us to extend the success of the App Store and make apps available and accessible in whole new ways. What if you could have the right app you needed at just the right moment? Let's look at what it would be like if you did. [narrator] Today, no matter what you want to do, there's an app for that. But what if you don't have the app you need right when you need it? Like when you need to pay for parking. Well, now there's an App Clip for that. [car chirps] Ooh. Look, a new coffee shop. There's an App Clip for that. Or a friend sends you a message with a print you like. There's an App Clip for that. That looks nice. Looking for somewhere to eat nearby? App Clip. Very health conscious of you. Hey, there's a scooter. Let's take it for a spin. Yep. App Clip. Mmm. Ice cream. Wait. There isn't one for that yet? Well, soon there could be an App Clip for that. And that. And that. And that. -And that. -[martial artist] Hi-yah! An App Clip is a small part of an app. It's light and fast and easy to discover, so you can quickly get what you need right when you need it. Everything about App Clips is designed for speed. They start with this card which quickly pops up. And with just a tap, you can launch the App Clip. You don't need to enter credit card numbers because App Clips can use Apple Pay for payments. And you don't have to manually log into an account because it can take advantage of Sign in with Apple. App Clips won't clutter your Home Screen and will only stay along as long as you need them. But you can easily launch recently used App Clips from the new App Library. It's always easy to download the full app, and this makes App Clips an easy way to discover more of what the App Store has to offer. And discovery is key. App Clips are all about getting to a part of an app at the moment you need it, so it was critical that we made them really easy to find. App Clips can be easily discovered and launched from the web. You can launch App Clips from Messages when friends share them with you. When you want to order takeout from a restaurant in Maps, you can launch an App Clip right from a place card. You'll be able to tap on NFC tags out in the world, on things like parking meters. Or you can scan QR codes to launch App Clips that work with products you purchase. The best way to discover App Clips will be with the new Apple-designed App Clip code. So when you see one, you'll know that there's an App Clip waiting for you. They incorporate both a visual code and NFC, so you tap on them or scan them with the camera to bring up an App Clip. App Clips will be great for businesses that already have apps. But we want to be able to use App Clips everywhere, including smaller spots that may not have their own app. So we made it possible for apps like Yelp, which support multiple businesses, to create App Clip experiences for each of the places they work with. Developers will create App Clips from a part of an app, using Xcode and the full power of the SDK. To ensure that they launch quickly, they'll need to be less than 10 megabytes in size. And that's App Clips. Immediately discoverable, small in size, so they launch fast, integrated Apple Pay for easy payment, Sign in with Apple for quick and privacy-friendly login and the option to download the full app from the App Store when you want to keep it around. We can't wait to see all the App Clips developers will create. And that's iOS 14. It's a huge release that transforms the core experience of iPhone, with redesigned widgets right on the Home Screen and a new way to organize your apps with the App Library. It adds incredible updates to some of the most popular apps, with powerful improvements to Messages and Maps, and introduces a whole new way to tap into apps with App Clips. And next up, iPadOS. ["S.S. Luker's Mom" by Oh Sees playing] Oh, hey, we made it. All right. Well, let's jump right in. iPadOS builds on all the amazing features of iOS while adding unique capabilities that deliver a distinct experience for iPad. Like using Apple Pencil for taking notes, markup and illustration. A reimagined track pad experience that lets you interact with iPad in a whole new way. And unmatched AR experiences with ARKit and the amazing new LiDAR Scanner in iPad Pro. All of this combines to put iPad into a class of its own. iPad excels at "every type of input" and is a "product to do anything and everything." Which brings us to this year and our new release, iPadOS 14. Let's start with experience. This year iPadOS delivers unique made-for-iPad designs that take great advantage of the iPad's large, multi-touch display. Now iPad has always been about the apps. In the beginning, we focused on giving the ecosystem of iPhone apps a larger canvas to deliver new and unique experiences. This quickly sparked an entirely new set of apps, designed for iPad first, with immersive experiences that transform this magical sheet of glass into whatever you needed it to be. We're proud of the over one million apps on the App Store today designed just for iPad. With customers continuing to push their iPads further than ever before, we're extending the design language of iPad to make apps more streamlined and more powerful. To give you a live look at these enhancements, I'll hand it over to Josh Shaffer. Thanks, Craig. Let's take a look at some of the enhancements to iPadOS. The first thing that you'll notice are the same redesigned widgets that you saw in iOS 14. They look great on iPad as well, and they give you information at a glance whenever you go Home. But let's see some of the improvements in the apps, starting with Photos. iPad is the perfect device for browsing your photos. Its large canvas lets you immerse yourself in all your favorite memories. And this year, we're making it even easier to browse and organize your photos with an all-new sidebar. With just a tap of this button, I can reveal the sidebar, with all the core functionality of the app in a single location. My photos remain front and center, but now I can quickly tap to move between parts of the app. The sidebar is a really powerful way to organize your photos too. I can easily drag a photo to the sidebar and then just drop it to add it to an album. We've brought this sidebar to many apps across iPadOS. Like Notes, where it provides quick and easy access to all your folders. And Files, where we've consolidated navigation into the sidebar for a streamlined new design. We've also streamlined the toolbars, adding new drop-down menus that consolidate functions into a single, easy-to-access button. I can just tap to change views like this. And for even quicker access, I can just tap and drag to change the sort order, all in a single motion. You'll find this same approach across other apps, like Calendar, where we've brought controls into a single toolbar at the top, providing more space for your content and a single unified place to access all the app's functionality. Finally, Music has been updated to take even better advantage of iPad's large screen. The sidebar in Music makes it easy to move between views. I can quickly jump between the new Listen Now and my playlists. -And once I start playing a song... -["Caution" by The Killers playing] ...I can bring up the brand-new full-screen player, where I can see rich album art, transport controls and lyrics, -all in one single view. -[song fades] And these are just some of the enhancements that are coming to apps in iPadOS. We're really loving these new app designs. But there's more, starting with Siri. The new compact Siri design that you heard about in iOS 14 is especially useful on iPad. Results appear at the bottom right corner, allowing you to easily reference the app while using Siri. And we applied this same approach to other parts of the experience... like calls. Now today when you receive a call on iPad, you see this. [beeps] Whatever you were working on is suddenly completely covered with the incoming call screen. Not cool. Wouldn't it be nicer if instead you saw this? [beeps] Well, that's much better. Now an incoming call is presented with a compact notification that doesn't take you out of context. And you can simply tap to answer or flick it away to dismiss. And this applies to all calls, including those from your iPhone or third-party VoIP apps like Skype. [rings] And of course we're bringing this to iOS as well. We think our iPhone customers are going to love it. Now there's one more key experience we've redesigned for iPad this year, and that's Search. Today Search is a full-screen experience, and sometimes you can lose track of your context. So we've redesigned Search with a new, compact design. You can start a search from anywhere, like the Home Screen or over any app. And this makes it easy to find what you need without feeling like you've left the app you're working in. But we didn't just redesign it. We've rebuilt Search from the ground up to be Universal, becoming a single destination where you can start all of your searches. First, we made it better than ever as an app launcher. You just start typing a few characters, and you can instantly get to where you're going. It's also great for finding contacts to message or call or documents. You can even search directly into apps like Keynote, Messages, Mail or Files. Or look up information about people or places. And it's also a great place to start all of your web searches as well. As soon as you start typing, you get relevant suggestions to complete your search. And you can get to your web search results with just a tap. And Search now makes navigating to your favorite websites just as easy as launching an app. Just type a few letters and the top hit will take you right to Safari. So those are some of our updates to the iPad experience. And of course, you also get the new widgets and all the other great app enhancements from iOS 14. Next, we want to push forward your ability to express yourself creatively with improvements to Apple Pencil. Apple Pencil is a game-changing tool that turns iPad into a professional drawing canvas, a great way to mark up and sign documents and the ultimate note-taking device. What many people love most about taking notes with Apple Pencil is how they can express themselves in a free-form way. Mixing handwriting and drawings can be the best way to capture your thoughts. Now the challenge is when you want to change things afterwards. Here, working with handwriting just isn't as easy as with typed text. Now, we sometimes take it for granted, but with typed text it's so easy to select, copy and paste into another document, or even just make space for more text. Well, this year, we're going to make handwriting just as easy and just as powerful. But that's not all. Our customers tell us that once they have an Apple Pencil in their hand, they don't want to put it away. So this year, we're bringing Scribble to iPad. So you can handwrite into any text field, and it will automatically be converted to text. To show you all of this in action, I'd like to welcome Jenny Chen for a live demo. Thanks, Craig. I'm really excited to show you some great new features we have for Apple Pencil and iPadOS this year. One of the great parts about taking notes with the Apple Pencil is that it really lets you work in a free-form way. I can just start writing anywhere. And it's not just about text. I can also express myself with drawings or shapes. But sometimes you want that more professional, cleaned-up look. So now, when I draw a simple shape and pause at the end, it'll automatically convert to that ideal shape. And we're smart about it, retaining the same size and angle that you drew it at. In addition to shapes, we've also made huge improvements to our handwriting recognition. So now, when I write, I can easily make a selection using the same gestures that I use for typed text. I can double tap to select a word or double tap again to select a line. Thanks to our advanced, on-device machine learning, you'll notice how we can select the handwriting while avoiding the drawings nearby. Now that I have the selection, I can easily change the color or move it around the document. It's also perfectly easy for me to make space for more room to write. We think that this will make note-taking with the Apple Pencil even better. Now, you don't even have to put it down when you want to do something else. Let's say you want to search for "Edison bulbs" in Safari. Using Scribble, I can just write directly into the text field... and it automatically gets converted to typed text. It also works in any text field, so I can easily add a new Reminder to my shared Reminders list with my husband. I've also been learning Chinese, so I want to surprise him with some of my progress and skills. I'll use Scratch to delete "lights." And then I can use Scribble to write "new" and then "light fixture" in Chinese. You'll notice how Scribble recognizes both English and Chinese in the same line. And what's awesome is that we can build on this technology to deliver other great features, like Data Detectors. We can automatically detect what you write, like phone numbers, so I can make a phone call. Or addresses, so I can look up directions. We can use these features together to do even more with your handwriting. Let's say I wanted to use my handwriting in another app. I can easily select what I want, tap the new Copy as Text from the callout bar, and then paste it into an app like Pages. And it's automatically converted to typed text. We're really excited about these awesome new features. And we think it will let you do even more with the Apple Pencil. Thanks, Jenny. So those are the enhancements to Pencil. Just one part of an amazing release, with Scribble for handwriting into any text field, a whole new way to work with your handwritten notes, broad enhancements to the app experience, and of course, iPad users also benefit from the great features you already saw in iOS 14 and much more that we didn't have time to talk about. So that's iOS and iPadOS. Next, let's talk about AirPods. From the one-click setup to the automatic pairing with all your devices to how they pause your audio when you take them out, people love the magical experience that AirPods deliver. Now we're bringing even more magic to AirPods. To tell you all about it, here's Mary-Ann Ionascu. Thanks, Craig. We have some amazing updates coming to AirPods, starting with Automatic Switching. AirPods will now seamlessly move between your devices without you having to manually switch them. Let's say you just finished listening to a podcast and you pick up your iPad to watch a show. AirPods will magically switch over. And later you start a video conference on your Mac. AirPods will automatically switch again. -[ringing] -And if a phone call comes in, the audio in your AirPods will route right back to your phone. We also have an exciting new feature coming to AirPods Pro: spatial audio. You know the experience of being in a movie theater with a state-of-the-art surround sound system, one where the sound not only comes from in front of you... -[tone pulsing] -...but also from the left, the right, behind, and even from above you? Well, we are thrilled to bring that same immersive experience to AirPods Pro. But it turns out it's a lot harder to do when you only have a single earbud in each ear. So our team created advanced spatial audio algorithms for AirPods Pro that replicate the movie theater experience. By applying directional audio filters and subtly adjusting the frequencies each ear receives, we can place sounds virtually anywhere in space... [high-speed vehicles passing] ...creating an immersive surround sound experience. But to truly deliver on this promise, we had to factor in real-life situations. First, people move their heads. For an authentic surround sound experience, you need the sound field to stay fixed so the voice feels like it's coming from the actor and not some random point in space. So we use the accelerometer and gyroscopes in AirPods Pro to track the motion of your head, remapping the sound field so it stays anchored to your device, even as your head moves. And it's not only your head that can move, but you might move your iPad or iPhone as well. That's why we constantly compare the motion data from your head and your screen to understand how they are moving in relation to each other. So if your bus turns the corner or your plane banks, the sound stays in sync. The result is a surround sound experience that keeps you in the middle of the action, no matter where you go. Spatial audio for AirPods Pro will work with content encoded in 5.1, 7.1, and even Dolby Atmos. Thanks, Mary-Ann. I've been using the new spatial audio, and I think you're all really gonna love it. All right. Next let's head to the Fitness Center to hear the latest on watchOS from Kevin. ["I'm Getting Tired" by Jacknife Lee playing] [song ends] Thanks, Craig. Since we launched Apple Watch, it's completely redefined what a watch can do, and this has been incredibly meaningful work. Apple Watch not only helps you stay connected and active, it's become an intelligent guardian of your health, enabling you to take an ECG, detect falls and call emergency services for you. It's impacting lives in ways that were inconceivable five years ago. The power of Apple Watch is not only its built-in features, but how developers have personalized it for you. We introduced the App Store in watchOS 6, and there are now over 20,000 watchOS apps available. These apps bring the information you care about most to just a glance at your watch face. We're taking this even further in watchOS 7, starting with complications. Until today, an app could appear in only one spot at a time on a watch face. In watchOS 7 developers can enable multiple complications, making even more richly personal watch faces. So if you like to use Dawn Patrol for surfing, you can create your own surf watch, including water temperature, swell and wind speed predictions for your favorite beach. Or new parents can use Glow Baby to see nap, changing and feeding times all on one face. While Nike Run Club can display stats like pace from your last run and your weekly run goals. We're also bringing rich complications to more faces, including a fresh Chronograph face with an integrated tachymeter and an updated Extra Large face with a huge, rich complication right in the center. And Configuring Watch Faces has been redesigned so you can easily select which information you'd like to see. As developers, with watchOS 7 you can now build your rich complications with native SwiftUI. While there are so many ways to configure watch faces, you may not have yet gone in and set these up for yourself yet. That's okay. With watchOS 7 we're making it super easy to share watch faces, so you can discover a face that works perfectly for you. To do this, we're introducing Face Sharing. You'll be able to discover curated faces with third-party apps on the App Store, or discover a new favorite watch face right on a website, or receive watch faces directly from friends and family. Let's take a look at how this works. When you see a watch face you'd like, you just press "Add Apple Watch Face." If the watch face uses some apps that you don't have yet, you'll be offered each one right here so you can easily get them if you like. And the new face appears right on your watch. If you'd like to share a face you've created yourself, that's also really easy. Just long press on the face, tap "Share," pick a contact and send. Developers can offer preconfigured watch faces right from their apps. You can even share watch faces across social media. It's a great way for the community of Apple Watch wearers to connect and help each other discover all the amazing things Apple Watch is capable of. Next, let's talk about Maps. Maps is great for walking, driving and transit directions, and now in watchOS, just like in iOS 14, you can get cycling directions. You'll see a variety of routes with information like time, distance and whether there are bike lanes. You can preview travel time and elevation changes and navigate with turn-by-turn directions that are large and easy to read. Maps can direct you to dismount and walk your bike or even take the stairs to save time. You can also search for and add places optimized for cyclists, like bike repair shops. [chimes] Now to tell you about how we're advancing Workouts, please welcome Julz Arney. Thanks, Kevin. The Workout app uses algorithms that are smartly tuned to track all aspects of your training. It's one of the most used apps on Apple Watch, and we've continued to add support for new workout types every year. -And in watchOS 7 we're adding Dance. -[dance music playing] Dance is a total body workout that's great for your heart. It makes you more fit and flexible, and you're guaranteed to have fun. Whether you're doing Hip Hop, Latin, Bollywood, or simply Cardio Dance, the Workout app now tracks some of the world's most popular styles of dance for fitness. Getting the most accurate credit for Dance presented a unique challenge. Arm movements aren't always repetitive or synchronized with leg movements like in running and walking. The solution was to use advanced sensor fusion. [music continues] In Dance, we combine data from the accelerometer and the gyroscope to detect the difference between dancing with just your arms... just your lower body... or when you put it all together and dance with your entire body. Then we add in heart rate data for the most accurate calorie burn calculations. watchOS 7 also tracks accurate calories for Core Training, those exercises for your abs and back, Functional Strength Training, a workout type that helps you get stronger and move better for everyday activities, and also Cooldowns to add on to another workout when you want to continue with easy moves and stretches as you bring your heart rate and breathing back to normal. Of course, you can track your progress for any of these new workouts inside the Activity app on iPhone, which is completely redesigned in watchOS 7. The app now features a new Summary tab that gives you an easy way to see your activity history, workouts and trends, all in one seamless view. With a new focus on easy navigation and summary metrics, the app is getting a new name as well: [music continues] Fitness. Back to you, Kevin. -[record scratches] -[music ends] Thanks, Julz. Apple Watch helps you meet not only your fitness goals, but also helps support your health with features such as Cycle Tracking, the Breathe app, and Noise notifications. And we're going to be adding even more capabilities this year in watchOS 7. We'd like to share a couple of them with you today, starting with one of the most-requested features for Apple Watch: tracking your sleep. To tell you about this, over to Vera Carr. Thanks, Kevin. There are many ways to look at sleep: scores, advanced monitoring, or sleep cycle analysis. We are taking a more holistic approach to sleep by leveraging the devices you use every day to not only track your sleep but to support you in actually meeting your sleep duration goal. That starts with choosing not only when you would like to wake up in the morning, but also when you'd like to go to bed. For most of us, setting a goal is easy. But getting to bed on time, that's the hard part. Experts say that establishing a bedtime routine helps the body transition from wakefulness to sleep. So we are offering Wind Down. It can help you get to bed on time by minimizing distractions and creating a personalized routine. Let's look at how this works. In the evening, ahead of your bedtime, your phone can display the Wind Down screen to help you transition mentally before you go to bed. It creates a calm lock screen experience and turns on Do Not Disturb for you. You can also set up shortcuts for simple things you may like to do to help you prepare for bed. These might include using your favorite meditation app or playing relaxing music. Once it's time for bed, your screen will dim and your watch will go into Sleep Mode, which looks like this. The screen will be off during time in bed so it won't bother you, and a tap displays this simple face. When it's time to wake up, you have a selection of gentle and effective alarm sounds, or a silent Taptic-only wake-up alarm so you don't disturb your partner. Once you're up, you'll see a friendly greeting easing you into the day. It also shows your battery level so you can remember to charge in the morning. Apple Watch tracks your sleep using a machine-learning model that senses your motion and even interprets the micro-movements caused by the rise and fall of your breath, providing signals for when you're awake and when you're asleep. There's an updated Sleep section in the Health app, including a view of your trends over time. Sleep Schedules, Wind Down, and Sleep Mode are also available on iPhone, without a watch, in iOS 14. We know you'll enjoy using your watch throughout the day and now throughout the night. Thanks, Vera. In addition to sleep keeping you healthy, there's another preventative-care item that's so important, particularly now: handwashing. In watchOS 7, Apple Watch is the first watch to deliver automatic detection when you start washing your hands and sensing of how long you actually wash. Our approach here is using machine-learning models to determine motion which appears to be handwashing and then use audio to confirm the sound of running water or squishing soap on your hands. During this, you'll get a little coaching to do a good job. You'll see a countdown, along with haptics and sounds, to make sure you wash as long as you're supposed to. If you pause early, there's a polite note to keep washing. And when you're done, you'll see, hear and feel it. That's just some of what's coming this year in watchOS 7, including discovering and sharing faces, new workout types, sleep and handwashing detection, and other new capabilities like Siri language translation. And that's Apple Watch. It's time for you to join Craig again to talk about something that's important to all of us. Here we go! ["I'm Getting Tired" by Jacknife Lee playing] [song ends] At Apple, we believe privacy is a fundamental human right. So we build it into our products from the beginning of the design process. Privacy matters now more than ever. And because our devices contain our most sensitive information, all of our product work is grounded in a set of privacy principles. First, data minimization. We use innovative technologies and techniques to minimize the personal data we or anyone else can access. Second, on-device intelligence. We avoid data collection by processing as much of your information on your device as we can rather than sending it to a server. Third, security. Security protections are foundational to everything we do in privacy. And finally, transparency and control. It helps you better understand the data being collected so that you can make your own choices about how that data is used. These principles come together across our products, in our hardware, our software and our services. At the end of the day, they result in great privacy and great ease of use. A powerful example of this is Sign in with Apple, which is designed for simplicity, security and privacy. And since we launched it last year, users have created over 200 million accounts across a wide variety of apps and websites. And developers are seeing great usage when they adopt it. For example, Kayak has integrated Sign in with Apple and found that their users are now two times more likely to use it than any other sign-in provider. Now, one thing we hear a lot with Sign in with Apple is that people wish they could convert their existing accounts to use it. So this year we're going to enable developers to let you do just that. When you upgrade, you get the ease of use and built-in security of Sign in with Apple while keeping the account that you already have. This is another big year of privacy improvements in our products. And to tell you more, here's Katie Skinner and Erik Neuenschwander. Thanks, Craig. First let's talk about location. This year we're continuing to give you even more control. In addition to the option of sharing your precise location, you will have the option to only share your approximate location with apps. We're also making changes for mic and camera so you always know when you're recording. In addition to requiring your permission, this year we're adding more visibility for current or recent mic or camera use. So if an app uses either one, we'll indicate that in the status bar.
> **ZH:** 你便可以立马获得语音和文本 只需将手机调至横屏 以打开对话模式 我们设计了并排视图 两个人可轻松了解 在对话中应跟进屏幕的哪一区域 该模式非常直观 只需一个麦克风按钮 因为 app 可智能检测所说的语言 并在屏幕的正确区域显示翻译 翻译使各语言之间的沟通比以往更方便 并为人们提供了新的沟通方式 我们迫不及待地等你试试 谢谢你 Yael 接下来是信息 信息是我们大部分人与对我们 最重要的人进行沟通的一种方式 现在我们对它的使用比以往更多 仅与一年前相比 发送信息的用户数量 以及所发送的信息量均创纪录 （发送的信息量增加了 40%） 我们发现越来越多的人在使用信息 以便与最密切的群体保持联系 （群组信息的数量增加了两倍） 我们今年将引入 可使你在最重要的 对话中保持连接的新方法 通过拟我表情为你 提供表示个性的新方法 并对在群组中的沟通方式作出大改变 下面有请 Stacey Lysik 来进一步讲解 谢谢你 Craig 我们先从对话开始 信息的设计初衷 是为了让大家能够 十分轻松地获取最新信息 但由于存在大量的活跃对话 有时很难找到对你最重要的人 所以我们引入了 使你能与最重要的对话保持连接的新方法 通过在列表顶部置顶来实现 从而使你总能找到他们 置顶的联络人发送信息时 会以美丽动画来呈现 接下来我们来讲一讲 如何通过拟我表情来表达自我 借助拟我表情可通过超过 一万亿种方式来定制您的个性 我们在 iOS 14 中加入了 用于打造你的外观的更多方式 其中包括 20 多种新发型和头饰 以反映你的爱好、职业与个性 我们也加入了与当前更贴合的功能：口罩 我们还加入了更多年龄选项 我最喜爱的拟我表情使用方式 是使用拟我表情贴纸 我们现在拥有三种全新的拟我表情贴纸 这使你能够向朋友发送 拥抱、碰拳或甚至是害羞表情 最后 我们来谈论一下群组 提到群组 有时会太过活跃 可能很难追踪对话 因此我们今年将帮助你化混乱为秩序 首先我们将加入精准回复 以使你能够直接回复特定信息 你可以在完整的会话中查看回复 你还可以只查看特定的对话往来 这样就可以侧重于特定主题 为更明确信息是发送给谁的 我们推出了提到 借助提到 你只需键入某人的名字 便可向其发送信息 现在你能够设置仅在群组对话中 被提到时才会收到提醒 看一看这个对话的顶部 我们全新设计了群组的呈现方式 这使你可以查看组中的所有成员 最近活跃的人的头像会显示最大 （乐团） 你有史以来第一次 可以通过创建群组照片 来为群组打造 独特的视觉形象 或通过表情符号来定义群组外观 在对话中 你会看到围绕图像的组成员照片 被置顶的头像当然好看啦 你知道谁最近在群组中发表了评论 因为他们的照片将围绕 置顶标记的外部呈现 这就是在 iOS 14 中加入信息的新功能 全新的置顶对话 有趣的拟我表情更新 以及强大的群组功能改进 谢谢你 Stacey 接下来我们来看一下 外出活动时对我们有帮助的功能 我们知道 现在我们大多数人的生活都变了样 但情况不会一直是这样 等一切都开始好转之后 我们加入了一组新功能 可以帮助你再次探索这个世界 就从地图开始 Apple 地图是导航和探索世界的极佳方式 同时也能保护你的隐私 在过去几年里 我们加入了许多很棒的功能 当然 我们彻底重新构建了地图 我们的新地图已于 今年早些时候在美国推出 新地图具有更出色的导航以及更丰富的 道路、步道、地貌等细节 新地图也提供更精确的位置信息 并使我们能够构建诸如 四处看看等不可思议的功能 地图一路走来取得了很大的进展 人们注意到了这一点 来引用一下 Fast Company 说过的这段话吧 “Apple 地图已大幅改进 它已成为 Google 地图的强大竞争对手 有人说它还有更出色的用户交互界面 但它的隐私政策绝对遥遥领先” 我们很高兴地宣布 我们将在今年晚些时候 将新地图推广到更多国家和地区 包括英国、爱尔兰和加拿大 除了丰富的细节和更高的精度以外 新地图为许多很棒的新功能奠定了基础 （找到好地方） 我们在 iOS 14 中加入了一些新功能 使人们能更轻松地找到他们喜爱的地方 并帮助他们以更环保的方式 抵达目的地 下面有请 Meg Frost 来为大家提供更多信息 谢谢你 Craig 首先我们来讨论一下查找好地方 数百万人每天通过地图 来探索很棒的新地方 他们可能是为了规划下一个假期 或者只是为了去寻找附近的餐馆 在 iOS 14 中 地图团队将与全球一些 最值得信赖的品牌合作 以提供出色的指南 介绍吃喝玩乐和购物的好去处 以及朋友聚会或探索世界各地的城市 在保存指南后 你可以在以后轻松地调用 最棒的是 在添加 新位置后它们会自动更新 因此你始终可以获得最新的推荐 除了帮助你探索很棒的新地方以外 地图可帮助你 以对地球更环保的方式前往那里 这些年来 地图使人们能够 轻松地以环保的方式导航 如搭乘公共交通工具和步行 在 iOS 14 中 我们引进了很棒的新功能 以帮助我们的用户降低碳排放 第一个 也是呼声最高的功能 骑行 我们打造了出色的骑行体验 这可以帮助你骑自行车在城市穿行 我们将专用的骑行选项加入到了地图中 这使用户能够沿自行车道 小径和道路来骑行 地图考虑到了海拔高度 这使你了解自己是否正在 进行有挑战的爬坡体能训练 或在进行舒适的平地骑行 你还可以查看路径 是否包含安静或繁忙的道路 我们甚至还能让你知道 是否即将遇到陡峭的道路 或者是否需要扛着自行车上楼梯 你也可以选择完全避免楼梯 在 iOS 14 中 我们向纽约、洛杉矶 旧金山湾区 以及诸如上海和北京等 中国城市开放了骑行功能 我们将在未来几个月里加入更多城市 对于有环保意识的驾驶员 我们还推出了电动汽车路线规划 如果你拥有电动汽车 地图将有助于消除里程焦虑 iOS 14 的地图将追踪你当前的电量 并计算爬坡高度和天气等因素 以便沿你的路径自动导航去充电站 地图将了解哪类充电站适合你的汽车 以确保将你导航至兼容的充电站 我们正与许多制造商合作 以便支持其电动汽车的路线规划 这包括 BMW 和 Ford 我们在不久的将来 将加入对更多品牌的支持 全球的城市也在致力于 改善空气质量和减轻交通拥堵 所以我们在地图中加入了拥堵区和通畅区 让用户能够轻松查看 其所在位置以及替代路线选项 此外 中国的驾驶员 可安全地将其车牌号存储在 iPhone 中 地图将能够让他们知道 哪些日子可以进入拥挤的市中心 车牌号是否限号 这些只是即将在 iOS 14 的 Apple 地图中 推出的一些新功能 从而使地图成为了最出色的产品 可以帮助用户在他们的世界各地探索导航 谢谢你 Meg 现在介绍 CarPlay 该应用改变了 iPhone 用户的驾驶体验 它使用户能够以更智能、更安全的 方式在汽车中使用喜爱的 app CarPlay 无处不在 非常受欢迎 （在美国的可用性高达 97%） 在美国 几乎每一辆新车均支持该功能 在全球 该功能可用于 超过 80% 的新售出汽车 并快速成为许多用户的默认车内体验 人们热爱 CarPlay 我们获得了非常热情的回应 （《华尔街日报》的 Joanna Stern 发布了推文） Joanna Stern 说 这使她的生活品质有了“极大提升” 我们在 iOS 14 中加入了一些很棒的更新 首先 我们新增了 非常适合汽车的新壁纸选项 我们加入了对 CarPlay app 的新类别的支持 停车、电动汽车充电和快速点餐 除此之外 我们对转型的下一步 感到非常兴奋 即通过重新思考车钥匙来转变 你与汽车的关系 车钥匙已存在了一百多年 但它们正变得又大又笨重 重新思考的时机已到 为了让你进一步了解我们的计划 我们现在去车库 让 Emily Schubert 来聊一聊 谢谢你 Craig 我很高兴 为大家介绍数码车钥匙 现在你可以将钥匙留在家里 通过 iPhone 即可解锁和启动你的汽车 支持这一功能的首款汽车 为新的 2021 年款 BMW 5 系 我来介绍一下其工作原理 这超级简单 它使用了 NFC 只需轻点即可解锁 我将手机放在充电板上 然后按下以启动 但这不仅仅是让你的 口袋里少放了一件东西 数码钥匙具有安全优势 它们基于你的 iPhone 的安全元件 如果手机丢失 你可以通过 iCloud 远程关闭你的钥匙 它们甚至比物理钥匙更易于分享 无需去经销商门店复制钥匙 你可以在任何地方 通过 iMessage 来分享钥匙 让我们给 Craig 一把钥匙 这样他就可以在我们介绍完后开车回家 对于你分享的每把钥匙 你可以设置选项 就像是限制驾驶的参数配置文件 这非常适合青少年司机 虽然我很想这么做 但我们还是给 Craig 提供全部驾驶权限吧 全部驾驶权限？谢谢 Emily 新款 BMW 将于下个月向客户推出 除了将这一功能加入到 iOS 14 以外 我们也将在 iOS 13 中启用此功能 所以 客户能在更早地使用数码车钥匙 当然 我们希望这些功能适用于任何汽车 所以我们致力于与行业团体一起制定标准 这只是一个开始 我们正在开发技术 这将利用到我们的 U1 芯片 它将利用超宽频技术 来实现精确的空间感知 所以即使将 iPhone 放在包或口袋中 也能够安全地解锁和启动汽车 我们有望在来年的汽车中 看到对于这一标准功能的支持 现在 我们前往 App Store 12 年前 我们通过推出 App Store 彻底改变了行业 目前 我们有许多出色的功能 可为你提供一套丰富的体验 我们可以肯定地说 不管你想做什么 “总有一款 app 能帮到你” 现在是时候延伸 App Store 的成功 并使用户能以 全新的方式拥有和使用 app 如果你在某个时刻能获得你所需要的 app 那会怎么样？ 我们来看看如果真能这样 会是什么情况 当今世界 无论你做什么事 总有一款 app 能帮到你 可当你需要某款 app 却又没有那款 app 时 那又该怎么办？ 比如当你需要交停车费时 现在 App Clip 能帮到你 你看 新的咖啡馆 有一款 App Clip 能帮到你 （BLUE BOTTLE COFFEE） 或者朋友给你发了条信息 附件是你喜欢的画作 有一款 App Clip 能帮到你 那看起来真好看 想在附近找地方吃饭？用 App Clip 你吃得很健康 看 有辆电动滑板车 我们骑上去兜风吧 没错，用 App Clip 就对了 冰淇淋  等等，它还没有 App Clip 吗？ 很快它就会有属于自己的 App Clip 了 还有这个 App Clip 是 app 的一小部分 它轻便快捷 易于发现 可以让你快速得到你想要的东西 App Clips 的一切都是为速度而设计的 首先是这张快速弹出的卡 只要轻点一下 你就能启动 App Clip 你无需输入信用卡号码 因为 App Clips 支持使用 Apple Pay 付款 你也不需要手动登录账号 因为它支持通过 Apple 登录 App Clips 不会挤满你的主界面 它只会在你需要用到它时出现 但你可以在全新的 App 资源库里 轻松找到最近使用过的 App Clips 下载完整版的 app 总是容易的 而这也让 App Clips 成了 探索 App Store 的简易方法 而“探索”就是关键 App Clips 让你在需要用到某款 app 时 可以获得它的一部分功能 所以我们必须让它变得易于被发现 （Safari 浏览器） 你可以在浏览器里 轻松探索和启动 App Clips 当朋友给你分享信息时 你可以在信息里启动 App Clips 当你想在地图里点外卖时 你可以直接从地点信息卡里 启动 App Clips 你可以在现实世界中的物品 比如停车计费器上 轻触 NFC 标签 或者你可以扫描 所购物品上的二维码来启动 App Clips 探索 App Clips 最好的方式就是通过 Apple 新设计的 App Clips 码 当你看到它时 你就知道有款 App Clip 在等着你了 它们结合了视觉编码和 NFC 所以你可以轻点 或用相机扫描以启动 App Clip App Clips 非常适合 已经拥有 app 的企业 但我们想随时随地使用 App Clips 包括在尚未拥有 app 的小型商家 所以我们可以让 Yelp 这种支持多商家的 app 为每个与他们合作的地方 创建 App Clip 体验 开发人员会使用 Xcode 和 SDK 的全部性能 来从 app 的一部分创建 App Clips 为保证它们能够快速启动 它们的大小必须小于10MB 这就是 App Clips 支持即刻被发现 体积小巧以便能够快速启动 融入 Apple Pay 以实现轻松付款 通过 Apple 登录 实现快速且私密的登录体验 你还可以选择 从 App Store 上下载完整版 app 以便长期保留 我们等不及要看 开发人员创建出来的各种 App Clips 了 这就是 iOS 14 它是会改变 iPhone 核心体验的 一个重大版本 主屏幕上有着重新设计的小组件 还有全新的 App 资源库帮助你整理 app 它给一些最受欢迎的 app 进行了很棒的升级 对信息和地图做出了重大改进 而且推出了使用 app 的全新方式 也就是 App Clips 接下来要介绍的是 iPadOS 嘿 我们赶上了 好了 我们开始吧 iPadOS 建立在 iOS 强大的性能之上 同时加入了一些独特功能 为 iPad 创建出色的体验 比如用 Apple Pencil 记笔记、标记和绘图 设计一新的触控板体验 让你以全新方式与 iPad 互动 在 iPad Pro 里 通过 ARKit 和激光雷达扫描仪 享受无与伦比的增强现实体验 这一切都让 iPad 变得独一无二 iPad 善于支持 “每一种输入端” 并且是一款“无所不能的产品” 因此 我们也会在今年发布 全新的 iPadOS 14 我们先从“体验”开始说起 今年 iPadOS 会借助 iPad 巨大的多点触控显示屏 来呈现专为 iPad 设计的独特功能 iPad 总是和 app 息息相关 一开始时 我们专注为 iPhone app 的生态系统提供 一个较大的画面 好让它们可以提供新颖独特的体验 这迅速激发了一系列全新 app 的诞生 它们先为 iPad 而设计 有着令人沉浸的体验 能够将一片充满魔力的玻璃 转变成你想要的任何东西 今天的 App Store 有超过 一百万个 app 专为 iPad 而设计 对此我们深感自豪 由于客户不断地将 iPad 的使用 推向前所未有的高度 因此我们将扩展 iPad 的设计语言 简化各种 app 而且让它们变得更强大 为了让你一睹这些功能提升 我会把这里交给 Josh Shaffer 谢谢 Craig 来看看 iPadOS 都提升了什么吧 你会注意到的第一件事是 你在 iOS 14 所看到的 一些重新设计的小组件 它们在 iPad 上也显得很好看 任何时候回到主屏幕时 它们都能带来信息概览 来看看 app 里的改进吧 从照片开始 iPad 是浏览你照片的最佳设备 它巨大的画面 能让你沉浸在所有喜爱的回忆里 而今年 通过一个全新的边栏 我们使浏览和整理照片 变得更便捷了 我只需轻点这个按钮 就可以显示边栏 App 里的所有核心功能都在同一个地方里 我的照片依然在最核心的位置上 现在我可以通过轻点 快速在 app 里的各个功能中切换 这个边栏真的是整理照片的绝佳方式 我可以轻易地把照片拖动到边栏 然后可以把它放添加到相簿 我们把这个边栏 引入了 iPadOS 的很多 app 里 比如备忘录 它可以让你快速且简单地访问所有文件夹 在文件 app 里 我们将导航整合至边栏 以取得简化的新设计 我们也简化了工具栏 添加了新的下拉式菜单 它将功能都整合成了 单一且易于访问的按钮 我只需像这样轻点就可以切换视图 想要更快访问的话 我可以轻点并拖动以改变排列顺序 一个操作就搞定 你会在其他 app 里发现到 一样的方法 比如在日历里 我们将控制键带到了顶部的单一工具栏 为你的内容提供了更多空间 也提供了一个统一的位置 让你可以访问 app 里的所有功能 最后 音乐 app 已经升级 以便可以更好地利用 iPad 的大屏幕 音乐 app 里的边栏使切换视图变得容易 我可以在 Listen Now 和播放列表之间快速跳转 一旦我开始播放歌曲 我就可以调出全新的全屏播放程序 在那里 我可以看到 缤纷的专辑封面、控制键和歌词 它们全在一个视图里 这些只是一部分将会来到 iPadOS 的对于 app 的 功能提升 我们真的很喜欢这些 app 的新设计 但不仅如此 就从 Siri 开始说起 在 iOS 14 里 你所听说的 Siri 新简洁设计 在 iPad 里特别实用 结果会出现在右下角位置 允许你在调用 Siri 时 更容易地使用 app 我们也把同样的方法 应用到了体验的其他方面 比如来电 今时今日 当你在 iPad 收到来电时 你会看到这个 无论你当时在做什么 都会被呼入来电的屏幕 完全覆盖 这可不行 如果你看到的是这个 是不是好多了？ 没错 这样好多了 现在 呼入来电会以简洁的通知方式显示 不会打断你当前的操作 你只需轻点以接听 或者轻扫以忽略 这也适用于所有来电 包括从你的 iPhone 打来的 或者从第三方 VolP app 如 Skype 打来的 当然 我们也会将这个带到 iOS 我们觉得 iPhone 用户会喜欢这个的 今年 我们还有一个 为 iPad 重新设计的重要体验 那就是搜索 今天的搜索是一个全屏体验 有时候 这会让你忘记当前操作的进展 所以我们为搜索带来了全新、简洁的设计 你可以从任何地方开始搜索 比如说从主屏幕 或者任何 app 这能让你轻松找到想要的东西 而不会让你觉得 好像脱离了正在使用的 app 但我们绝非只是重新设计了它 我们彻底重建了搜索 将它变为 Universal 这里可以一站式满足你的一切搜索需求 首先 我们将它变成 一个更好的 app 启动器 只要开始输入一些字符 你就可以立即打开想要的 app 它在寻找要发信息或呼叫的 联系人时非常好用 寻找文件也是 你甚至可以在 app 里直接搜索 比如 Keynote 讲演、 信息、邮件或文件 app 或者查找关于人们或地点的信息 它也是你开启所有网络搜索的绝佳地方 只要你一开始输入 就会得到相关建议来完成你搜索 而你可以通过一个轻点 去往你的网络搜索结果 现在的搜索 让你轻松导航至所喜爱的网站 就和启动 app 一样容易 只需输入几个字母 出现的首个结果 就会直接将你带到 Safari 浏览器 这些就是我们 iPad 体验的几个升级 当然 你也会得到新的小组件 以及所有 iOS 14 所包含的 app 功能提升 接下来 我们要提升你表达创意能力 请看 Apple Pencil 的改进 Apple Pencil 是变革性的工具 它将 iPad 变成了一个专业的绘图画板 一个标记和签署文件的绝佳方式 以及一个终极的记笔记设备 在使用 Apple Pencil 记笔记这方面 绝大多数人最爱的一点就是 他们可以通过自由发挥来表达自己 将手写和绘图混在一起 可能是捕捉你想法的最佳方式 可问题出现在你之后想更改东西时 使用手写不像键入文本那样简单 我们有时会觉得很理所应该 但键入文本非常容易取词 复制和粘贴去另一份文件 甚至可以为更多文字腾出空间 可今年 我们会让手写变得一样容易 一样强大 不过不只是这样 我们的用户告诉我们 一旦他们手上握着 Apple Pencil 他们就不想再放下了 所以今年 我们把涂文字带到了 iPad 上 这样你就可以在任何文本框手写了 它会自动转换成文本 为了向你展示如何做到这一切 我很荣幸邀请到了 Jenny Chen 来进行现场演示 多谢你 Craig 我非常激动 接下来将向各位展示 Apple Pencil 和 iPadOS 今年的新功能 用 Apple Pencil 做笔记 一个很大的优点 就是你可以自由自在地发挥 我可以在屏幕任何地方下笔 而且不只是文字 我还可以通过绘画和图形来表达自己 但有时你希望可以营造出那种 更加专业、工整的感觉 所以 现在当我画一个简单的图形时 在收笔前稍作停留的话 它就会被转换成那种完美的形状 我们在设计上很巧妙 它会保留同样的尺寸 以及你绘制时的角度 除了图形之外 我们也在手写识别方面取得了显著进展 现在我书写的时候可以轻易进行选取 只需使用与在键入文本时同样的手势 我可以轻点两下 来选取一个字 或者再轻点两下 选取一整行 多亏了我们先进的设备端机器学习技术 你会注意到我们可以选取你的手写内容 同时避开周围的图画 在选取好了之后 我可以很容易就改变颜色 或者移动到文档的任何位置 我也可以不费吹灰之力 就腾出空间来书写更多内容 我们认为这会让用 Apple Pencil 记笔记 变得更加好用 现在 当你想要做其他事情时 你甚至都不需要将笔放下 譬如你想要在 Safari 浏览器 搜索“Edison bulbs” 我可以利用涂文字直接在文本框书写 （EDISON BULBS） 手写内容就会自动被转换成键入文本 这种功能在任何文本框都可以使用 我可以把一个新提醒事项 轻松添加到我和我丈夫的共享提醒事项中 我也一直在学习中文 我想秀一下我的学习进展和汉语能力 给他个惊喜 我会划掉来删除“灯” 然后我会利用涂文字用英文写“新” 后面跟着中文的“灯具” 你会注意到涂文字可以在一行之中 同时识别英文和中文 很棒的一点是 我们可以以这项技术为基础 从而推出其他超赞的功能 譬如数据探测器 我们可以自动检测到你书写的内容 譬如电话号码 这样我就能拨打电话 或者地址 这样我就可以查询路线 把这些功能融合在一起 我们可以用手写输入做更多事情 譬如我想在另一个 app 上 使用我手写的文字 我可以选取我想要的内容 轻点调出菜单中的“复制为文本” 然后在 Pages 文稿这样的 app 中粘贴 内容会被自动转换成键入文本 这些了不起的新功能让我们感到很兴奋 如此一来 你可以用 Apple Pencil 做更多事情 多谢你了 Jenny 刚才为大家介绍的是 Pencil 的改进 新发布的精彩功能不止于此 在任何文本框都可以进行涂文字输入 手写记录笔记的一个全新的方法 对于 app 体验的广泛提升 当然了 iPad 用户也能从 iOS 14 已经拥有的那些很棒的功能 以及我们没有时间详谈的很多功能中受益 这就是 iOS 和 iPadOS 接下来 我们来聊一下 AirPods 从一键设置 到和你全部的设备自动配对 到摘下它们时暂停播放 人们对于 AirPods 所带来的神奇体验 深爱不已 现在我们给 AirPods 带来了更多神奇功能 有请 Mary-Ann Ionascu 来为大家详细介绍 谢谢 Craig AirPods 会出现一些很棒的更新 我们先从自动切换说起 AirPods 现在可以在设备之间无缝切换 无需手动操作 譬如你刚刚听完播客 你拿起 iPad 打算看个节目 AirPods 会神奇地切换过去 之后你在 Mac 上开视频会议 AirPods 会再一次自动切换过去 如果有一通电话打进来 AirPods 的音频会切换回手机上 AirPods Pro 还会为你带来一项 非常激动人心的新功能 空间音频功能 众所周知 身处电影院中 体验的是先进环绕音响系统 在那里 声音不止从你面前 还会从左边、右边和后面 甚至从头顶发出来 我们很兴奋可以将同样令人沉浸的体验 带到 AirPods Pro 上 但实现起来要比想象中困难很多 因为每只耳朵上只能佩戴一只耳机 所以 我们的团队为 AirPods Pro 创造了一种先进的空间音频功能算法 来复制影院体验 通过加入定向音频过滤器 以及对每个耳朵所接受的频率进行微调 我们几乎可以让声音 从空间的任何位置发出来 并创造一种令人沉浸的音频体验 但为了真正达成这种效果 我们需要将真实情景考虑在内 首先 人们的脑袋不会纹丝不动 要想实现真实的环绕声音体验 你需要声场保持在固定的位置 这样才会感觉声音来自于演员 而不是空间中随便一个地方 所以我们用了 AirPods Pro 上的 加速感应器和陀螺仪 来追踪头部的动作 并重新映射声场 这样它就会与设备牢牢固定在一起 就算你的头部移动也没关系 而会移动的不止是你的头部 你还可能会移动你的 iPad 或者 iPhone 这是为何我们会不断比对 头部和屏幕的动作数据 来了解它们是如何相对移动的 所以 就算你乘坐的公交车转弯 或者飞机倾斜机身 声音仍然会保持同步 这样就能为你带来环绕声音的体验 让你保持身临其境的感觉 无论你去往何处 AirPods Pro 的空间音频功能适用于 5.1 或 7.1 声道编码的内容 甚至包括杜比全景声 谢谢你 Mary-Ann 我体验过空间音频功能 我觉得你们都会对其爱不释手的 好 接下来我们要去 Fitness Center 来听听 Kevin 所带来的 关于 watchOS 的最新更新 多谢了 Craig Apple Watch 推出之后 这个产品完全重新定义了 手表能做什么 这项工作对我们来说意义非凡 Apple Watch 不仅帮你 与关心的人紧密联系 并保有活力 它还成为了你健康的智能守护者 可以给你做心电图 进行摔倒检测 并替你拨打紧急服务电话 它对你的生活的影响 在五年前是不可想象的 Apple Watch 的厉害之处 不仅在于其内置的功能 还在于开发者为你实现了个性化订制 我们在 watchOS 6 中引入了 App Store 至今已有超过两万个 watchOS app 可以下载 这些 app 让你最关心的信息 只需扫一眼表盘即可获知 在 watchOS 7 中 我们做到了更进一步 从复杂功能开始 以往 一个 app 只能同时出现在表盘上的一个位置 在 watchOS 7 中 开发者可以开启 多个复杂功能 制作更加丰富的个性化表盘 如果你冲浪时喜欢用 Dawn Patrol app 你可以创建一个你自己的冲浪手表 来显示水温、海浪大小和风速预测 为你最爱的海滩来显示这些数据 新手父母用户可以使用 Glow Baby app 在一个表盘上就可以查看宝宝 小睡、更换尿布以及喂奶时间 Nike Run Club app 可以显示诸如配速等 上次跑步的数据 以及你每周的跑步目标 我们也把丰富的复杂功能 带到了更多的表盘上 包括全新计时码表表盘 它集成了测速仪 以及更新过的大文字表盘 巨大、丰富的复杂功能显示在中间 配置表盘这项功能被重新设计 这样你就可以容易地选取想要看到的信息 开发者可以通过 watchOS 7 用原生 SwiftUI 构建丰富的复杂功能 虽然配置表盘有如此多的的方式 你可能不知要从何下手 没关系 在 watchOS 7 之中 我们让表盘共享变得超级容易 这样你就可以找到一块最适合你的表盘 因此，我们推出了表盘共享 你可以通过 App Store 发现 精选的第三方 app 的表盘 或者直接在网站上发现中意的表盘 或者直接从朋友或家人那里 接收所共享的表盘 我们来看看这是怎样实现的 当你看到喜欢的表盘 可以按下“Add Apple Watch Face” 如果表盘上会用到一些 你还没有下载的 app 这些 app 都会在这里显示出来 这样你喜欢，就可以下载它们 新的表盘就会出现在你的手表上 如果你想共享你自己创建的表盘 也很简单 只要长按表盘 轻点“共享” 然后选择一个联系人发送就好 开发者可以在他们的 app 上提供 事先配置好的表盘 你甚至可以在社交媒体上共享表盘 这样能利于 Apple Watch 用户之间 连接互动 并帮助彼此发现所有 Apple Watch 可以带来的惊喜 接下来 我们来了解一下地图 地图很适合步行、开车以及公交出行 正如同 iOS 14， watchOS 现在 也可以提供骑行导航 你会看到各种路线 所提供的信息包括时间、距离 以及是否有自行车专用道 你可以预览行程时间、海拔变化 并通过直观易读的分段路向指示进行导航 地图指示你下车推车行走 甚至采取爬楼梯路线 以便节省时间 你也可以搜索并添加 为骑车人优化过的地点 譬如自修车修车店 （已到达贝克海滩） 现在我们要聊一聊我们是如何将 体能训练做得更好的 请欢迎 Julz Arney 谢谢你 Kevin 体能训练 app 使用经过巧妙调节过的算法 来追踪训练的各个方面 这是 Apple Watch 上 使用率最高的 app 之一 我们每年都会向 app 中 添加新的健身方式 在 watchOS 7 上 我们加入了舞蹈 舞蹈是全身性的运动 对你的心脏非常有利 让你的身材和柔韧性都变好 你也一定会乐在其中 无论你是跳街舞、拉丁舞、宝莱坞舞蹈 或者只是有氧舞蹈 体能训练 app 现在都能追踪 一些世界上最流行的健身舞蹈风格 精确计算舞蹈消耗的卡路里数 是一项独特的挑战 手臂动作不会总是重复 或者与腿部动作协调一致 就像跑步与行走一样 解决方案是使用高级传感器融合 在舞蹈中 我们把来自加速感应器 与陀螺仪的数据结合在一起 来监测只有手部动作… 只有下半身动作… 或者全部动作都加起来 整个身体都在跳舞之间的区别 然后我们会加入心率数据 从而得出最准确的卡路里燃烧计算 watchOS 7 也可以在核心训练中 精确追踪卡路里消耗 比如腹肌和背部训练 功能性力量训练 一种帮助你增强体力 并且让你的日常活动更加自如的体能训练 以及整理放松 附加在其他训练之上 用轻松的动作和拉伸来继续运动 让你的心跳和呼吸回归正常 当然 追踪这些新的训练方式的进展情况 可以在 iPhone 的健身记录 app 中进行 这个 app 在 watchOS 7 中 被完全重新设计 此 app 现在推出了新的摘要标签 让你可以很容易就看到活动记录 体能训练与趋势 全都集中在一页 因为关注点转向了简易浏览和摘要数据 这个 app 也有了一个新的名字 健身 现在把画面交还给你 Kevin 多谢了 Julz Apple Watch 不仅能帮你达到健身目标 还可以支持你的健康 在经期跟踪、呼吸 app、噪声提示 这些功能的辅助下 我们今年会在 watchOS 7 上 添加更多新的功能 今天我们想要跟你们分享几个 从 Apple Watch 上呼声最大的功能开始 追踪你的睡眠状况 让 Vera Carr 来讲讲这个功能 谢谢你 Kevin 追踪睡眠状况有很多种方式 分数、高级监测 或者睡眠周期分析 我们在睡眠上采取了更加全面的方法 利用你每天都在使用的设备 不仅可以追踪你的睡眠 而且可以支持你达到你的睡眠时间目标 首先 你不仅可以选择早上何时起床 也可以选择何时入睡 对我们大多数人来讲 设定目标很容易 按时入睡才是难题 专家声称 建立一个睡前习惯 可以帮助身体从清醒状态转换到入睡状态 正因为如此 我们推出了助眠 它可以通过尽量减少干扰 来帮助你准时上床 并创造个性化的睡前习惯 我们来看看具体是怎样的 在晚间 你的入睡时间之前 你的手机会显示助眠屏幕 在你入睡前帮助你酝酿睡意 它会创建一个令人平静的锁屏体验 并且替你打开勿扰模式 你也可以设置快捷指令 加入一些能帮助你入睡的简单事情 比如使用你最喜欢的冥想 app 或播放令人放松的音乐 一旦到了睡眠时间 你的屏幕会变暗 你的手表就会进入睡眠模式 就像这样一样 屏幕在你睡眠期间会关闭 所以不会对你造成打扰 轻点一下就会出现如此简约的表盘 当起床时间到了的时候 你可以选择轻柔但有效的闹铃 或者无声的仅有触感的起床闹铃 这样你就不会打扰到枕边人 当你起床后 你会看到一则友好的问候 带领你慢慢进入新的一天 （早安） 上面还会显示电量 这样你就会记得在早上充电 Apple Watch 追踪你的睡眠 用的是一种机器学习模型 可以感应到你的动作 甚至去理解你吸气呼气之间 所造成的微动作 提供你在入睡和清醒状态下的信号 我们在健康 app 中的睡眠状况区域 做了更新 包括查看你长久以来的趋势 睡眠计划、助眠以及睡眠模式 不需要手表也可以在安装 iOS 14 的 iPhone 上使用 我们知道你会在白天享受使用手表 如今你也会在晚上继续享受了 谢谢 Vera 除了让你保持身体健康的睡眠状况 还有另一项预防保健的功能 它非常重要 尤其是在现在 洗手 watchOS 7 里面 Apple Watch 是第一个能够自动检测 你何时开始洗手 以及感应你洗了多久的智能手表 我们采取的办法就是使用机器学习模式 来测定貌似是洗手的动作 然后使用音频来确定流水声 或往手上挤洗手液的声音 在此期间 你会得到一点小指导 来教你好好洗手 你会看到表盘上的倒计时 感应到触觉 听到声音 来确保你洗手的时间符合标准 如果你早早停下 Watch 会发出 礼貌的提醒 要你继续洗手 等你洗完手 你会看到、听到并感受到它 （干得漂亮） 这只是今年要问世的 watchOS 7 的 一部分功能而已 包括发现并共享表盘、新类型的体能训练 睡眠状况和洗手检测 还有其他类似 Siri 语言翻译的新功能 这就是 Apple Watch 大家再次欢迎 Craig 来讲讲对我们所有人都很重要的事 开始吧！ （隐私） 在 Apple 这里 我们相信 隐私是每个人的基本权利 于是从设计过程的最开始 我们就把它融入到了我们的产品里 如今 隐私具有着前所未有的重要性 因为我们的设备里 包含着我们最敏感的信息 我们所有的产品工作都建立在 一系列隐私原则的基础上 第一 数据最小化 我们使用创新性技术和工艺 将我们或其他任何人能获得的 私人数据最小化 第二 设备端智能技术 我们避免数据收集 方法就是尽可能在你的设备上 处理你的信息 而不是把它发给服务器 第三 安全 安全保护是我们为隐私所做的 一切努力的基础 最后是透明度和管控 这能帮助大家更好地理解被收集的数据 这样大家就能自己选择该如何使用该数据 这些原则凝聚在我们的产品中 在我们的硬件、软件和服务中， 最终 这些原则会带来更强的隐私保护 和极大的易用性 这方面的一个有力例证就是 通过 Apple 登录 它的设计目的是为了追求简洁 安全和隐私 自从我们去年发布它之后 用户们已经创建了超过两亿个账户 遍及各种 app 和网站 开发者们使用它时看到了强大的使用价值 比如说 Kayak app 整合了 通过 Apple 登录功能 发现比起通过其他登录方式 其用户现在使用它的可能性 翻了一倍 现在 关于通过 Apple 登录 我们经常听到的一点 就是人们希望他们能转换现有的账户 变成使用通过 Apple 登录 今年我们会让开发者们实现 大家的这个愿望 当大家升级时 你们就能使用 通过 Apple 登录并享受其内置的安全 同时保留大家已有的账户 今年是我们产品隐私性能提高的 又一个重要年度 现在有请 Katie Skinner 和 Erik Neuenschwander 做更多讲解 谢谢 Craig 首先我们先来讲讲定位 今年我们将继续给予大家更多管控权 除了分享你的精确定位的选项 你将能够选择只和 app 分享 你的大致位置 我们也将对麦克风和相机做出改变 这样用户永远知道何时在进行录制 除了要求用户许可 今年我们要为目前或最近使用麦克风 或相机添加更多可视性 所以如果一个 app 使用了其中之一 状态栏里会显示这点 接下来我们来讲讲跟踪功能

### Katie

> **EN:** Next, let's talk about tracking. Safari's Intelligent Tracking Prevention has been really successful on the web. And this year, we wanted to help you with tracking in apps. We believe tracking should always be transparent and under your control. So moving forward, App Store policy will require apps to ask before tracking you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
> **ZH:** 所以如果一个 app 使用了其中之一 状态栏里会显示这点 接下来我们来讲讲跟踪功能 Safari 浏览器的智能防跟踪功能 在网络世界一直非常成功 今年 我们想在 app 跟踪功能方面 帮助大家 我们认为跟踪应该始终是透明的 在用户的控制之下的 所以我们更进一步 App Store 的政策将要求 app 在跟踪你之前先问你 其中包括其他公司拥有的 app 和网站 最后 我们来谈谈隐私政策

### Erik Henriksson

> **EN:** Last, let's talk about app privacy. Today we require that apps have a privacy policy. Wouldn't it be great to even more quickly and easily see a summary of an app's privacy practices before you download it? Now, where have we seen something like that before? For food, you have nutrition labels. You can see if it's packed with protein or loaded with sugar, or maybe both, all before you buy it. So we thought it would be great to have something similar for apps. We're going to require each developer to self-report their practices.
> **ZH:** 其中包括其他公司拥有的 app 和网站 最后 我们来谈谈隐私政策 今天我们要求 app 要有隐私政策 在你下载一个 app 之前能够 更快、更容易地看到 其隐私实践的总结 这不是很棒吗？ 我们以前在哪里见过类似这样的东西吗？ 食物有营养成分表 在买下某个食物前 你可以看到它是 含有大量蛋白质还是大量糖分 又或者两者皆有 所以我们认为让 app 拥有类似的东西 是件很好的事 我们将要求每个开发者 自我报告他们的实践 把他们告诉我们的展示给大家

### Katie

> **EN:** We'll show you what they tell us. You can see if the developer is collecting a little bit of data on you or a lot of data, or if they're sharing data with other companies to track you, and much more.
> **ZH:** 我们将要求每个开发者 自我报告他们的实践 把他们告诉我们的展示给大家 大家就能看到这个开发者是要从你身上 收集一点数据 还是很多数据 还是他们是否 在和其他公司分享数据来跟踪你 还有更多其他的 我们会把这个信息放在 App Store 里的 产品页上

### Erik Henriksson

> **EN:** We're going to put this information on product pages in the App Store. So for each app, you can see highlights of their privacy information before you download it. And we're going to include this in all of our App Stores. Back over to you, Craig. Thanks, Katie and Erik. These are some of the ways we're strengthening the privacy of our platforms and bringing new features to give users even more control. And one of the places where privacy matters most is your home. Like most of you, in the past few months I've spent more time at home than I ever imagined. It's more clear than ever just how important it is to live in a home where the technology just works. That brings us to some great new features we're bringing to the home this year. All of these features share a few key attributes. First, anything we develop for the home should be easy, from initial setup to everyday use, just like how a tap of your iPhone can automatically configure an Apple TV. Second, home products should never compromise your privacy. That's why your Siri requests use a random identifier, not your Apple ID. And finally, your devices should all work better together, like how AirPlay lets you share from your iPhone straight to the TV. And when things are easy, private and work together seamlessly, your home is more enjoyable, whether you're watching TV, listening to music or getting the most out of your smart devices. To tell you more about what we have in store for the home, let me pass it to Yah Cason. Thanks, Craig. Let's start by talking about the smart home. With HomeKit, we've given developers a robust framework to create smart home accessories that are remarkably easy to set up all while being end-to-end encrypted to your Apple devices. Already there's a rich ecosystem of devices available. But we want to make it even easier to build products that work across more homes. So we formed an alliance and partnered with Amazon, Google and other industry leaders to define a new interoperability standard for the smart home. We open-sourced HomeKit to ensure its ease of use and privacy are core to this effort. And any accessory using HomeKit or this new standard will work incredibly well across all your Apple devices. And you control it all in the Home app, the most secure way to manage your smart home. Adding new devices to your home has never been easier. Simply tap or scan to set up an accessory. And in iOS 14, after you add an accessory, the Home app will now suggest useful automations so you can immediately put your new device to work for you. Automations are rules that set your home to autopilot, like automatically turning on your porch lights when motion is detected or having the garage door open as you arrive home. And now when you open the Home app, you'll see a new visual status right up top that prioritizes the accessories which most need your attention. You can easily see if you've left a door unlocked or the lights on and quickly control them. Let's take a closer look at one of the most popular categories of HomeKit accessories: Lights. Millions of us have already added smart bulbs to our homes, many of which can change color on demand. In iOS 14, we're introducing a feature to help you get the most out of those bulbs: Adaptive lighting. Adaptive lighting automatically adjusts the color temperature of your lights throughout the day. Turn it on to ease into the morning with warm colors, stay focused and alert midday with cooler ones, and wind down at night by reducing blue light. Adaptive lighting ensures you get the right color at the right time. Another popular smart home category is cameras. With HomeKit Secure Video your cameras are completely private. And in iOS 14, we're making your cameras work even harder for you. You'll be able to define Activity Zones that focus on the most important areas. This is great if you face a busy sidewalk and only want to be alerted when people actually walk up to your front door. Another powerful feature we're bringing to cameras is face recognition. HomeKit cameras and video doorbells will now provide even richer notifications, telling you who's there by leveraging the friends and family you've already tagged in your Photos app. And face recognition extends to HomePod, announcing who's at the door. And with Apple TV, you'll get a live view whenever someone rings the bell. In fact, all your HomeKit-enabled cameras will be directly integrated with tvOS 14 so you can quickly bring them up in the new home view in Control Center. Or just ask Siri to pull up any camera at any time. You can even take any camera full-screen, giving you a great view of what's going on. And we have even more coming to tvOS 14. Now let me pass it to Cindy Lin to tell you about it. Thanks, Yah. Apple TV is my favorite way to unwind and enjoy entertainment with the family. With 4K, HDR, Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos, you get a theater-like experience right in your living room, making all your movies and shows look and sound amazing. But Apple TV goes beyond video. You can access the entire Apple Music collection and even sing along with timed lyrics. You can play an incredible selection of games, including all the games in Apple Arcade. And we're making gaming on Apple TV even more personal by expanding multiuser support. Now you can instantly resume your games exactly where you left off. Just open Control Center to switch between users, and you can now see your game progress, achievements and friends. And for even more fun, we're adding support for Xbox Elite 2 and Xbox Adaptive Controllers. Apple TV also helps you keep active at home with a great selection of fitness apps. And with tvOS 14, we're gonna make your workouts, and everything you do on Apple TV, even more productive by extending Picture in Picture across the entire Apple TV experience. So you can keep up with the news or not miss a second of the big game. You can even have an AirPlay session show up in a Picture in Picture window. And AirPlay is getting even better. Now the whole family can share their stunning videos captured on iPhone in their full 4K resolution. With videos, music, games and more, Apple TV truly offers something for everyone. Of course, nothing compares to being captivated by a good story. And we've built a service for just that: Apple TV+. We've already created an incredible lineup of Apple Originals. And you can watch them all in the Apple TV app, which is available on your favorite Apple devices, on all major streaming boxes and many popular smart TVs. It's already reaching over a billion screens. And it's coming to Sony and Vizio smart TVs later this summer. Today, we're really excited to tell you about a new Apple TV+ Original that we're working on. Almost 70 years ago, Isaac Asimov introduced the world to a series of epic novels that spanned hundreds of worlds and thousands of years. Many consider it to be the best science-fiction series of all time. I'd like to share a sneak peek with you now. This is Foundation. [dramatic music playing] They're going to arrest me tomorrow. And you. It's almost a certainty. You're familiar with my work, psychohistory? Yes, in theory. But I don't know what it has to do with-- It's not a theory.
> **ZH:** 还是他们是否 在和其他公司分享数据来跟踪你 还有更多其他的 我们会把这个信息放在 App Store 里的 产品页上 所以对于每个 app 在下载前你就能看到 它们突出显示的隐私信息 我们所有的 App Store 都将包括这个 Craig 我们把画面交还给你 谢谢 Katie 和 Erik 这些是我们要加强我们平台隐私 和引入新功能来给用户 更多管控权的几个方式 隐私最具重要性的几个地方之一 就是你们的家 和大多数人一样 在过去的几个月里 我在家待的时间 超过了我的想象 比以往更清晰的是 住在一个 能应用现代科技的家中有多么重要 这引导大家来了解我们今年要给 家庭添加的几个很棒的新功能 所有这些功能都具有几个关键属性 首先 我们为家庭开发的一切 从初始设置到日常使用 都应该是简单的 例如轻点 iPhone 就能自动配置 Apple TV 第二 家庭产品绝对不该在隐私方面 做出让步 所以你的 Siri 要求使用随机标示符 而不是你的 Apple ID 最后 你的设备一起工作的效果应该更好 例如 隔空播放能够直接 把你 iPhone 上的画面分享给 TV 当一切变得简单、隐私而且无缝协作时 你的家也会变得更有乐趣 无论你是在看电视、听音乐 还是尽情使用你的智能设备 接下来有请 Yah Cason 来给大家讲解更多 关于家庭方面的新功能 谢谢 Craig 那我们先从智能家居开始讲起 有 HomeKit 的协助 我们给了开发者们 一个稳固的框架 来创建智能家居配件 这些附件都能非常轻易地被设置 同时端到端地加密到你的 Apple 设备 我们已经有一个丰富的可用设备生态系统 但我们想让它能够更轻易地打造 能在更多家庭发挥作用的产品 于是我们组成联盟 和 Amazon、Google 和其他行业领袖 联手合作 来为智能家居定义一个 新的可彼此协作的操作性标准 我们开放了 HomeKit 的源代码 来确保它的易用性和隐私 是我们所有努力的核心 任何使用 HomeKit 或这个新标准的配件 将在你所有的 Apple 的设备上顺畅运作 你能够在家庭 app 上操控这一切 这种管理智能家居的办法最安全 给家里添加新设备变得前所未有的简单 只需轻点或扫描来设置配件 在 iOS 14 中 添加完配件后 家庭 app 会建议有用的自动化 这样你就能立即使用你的新设备了 自动化是让你的家自动运行的规则 比如说检测到动作时自动打开门廊灯 或者当你到家时自动打开车库门 当你打开家庭 app 时 你会看到顶部出现了一个新的可视化状态 把你最需要注意的配件放到优先位置 你很容易就能看到自己是否忘了锁门 或者关灯 并快速控制它们 我们来详细了解一下 HomeKit 配件最普遍的分类之一 灯 成千上万的人已经在家里安了智能灯泡 很多灯泡能按照要求改变颜色 在 iOS 14 里 我们要引入一个功能来帮助大家 充分利用这些灯泡 自适应光线调节 自适应光线调节能够全天自动调节 灯光的颜色温度 打开它 伴随着暖色进入清晨 保持专注 色调转冷 提示人们中午到了 晚上 通过减少蓝光 色调变缓和 自适应光线调节确保灯光能够在 合适的时间 变成合适的颜色 另一个很普遍的智能家居分类是摄像头 有 HomeKit 安防视频 你的摄像头完全是私秘的 在 iOS 14 里 我们让你的摄像头 更加努力地为你工作 你将能够规定专门拍摄 最重要的活动区域 如果你家门前行人较多 而你只想在有人走到你家前门时被提醒 这个功能是很棒的 我们要给摄像头添加的另一个强大功能 就是面孔识别功能 HomeKit 的摄像头和视频门铃 将提供更丰富的通知 充分利用你 照片 app 里 你给朋友和家人添加的标签 告诉你谁来了 然后面孔识别功能会给 HomePod 发消息 告诉你来者是谁 （Ashley 在门口） 无论何时有谁在按门铃 你都会实时通过 Apple TV 看到来者 （Gabe Silva 在门口） 实际上 所有 HomeKit 使用的摄像头 会直接和 tvOS 14 组合在一起 这样你就能快速在控制中心的 新主视图调用它们了 或者直接随时让 Siri 开启任何摄像头 你可以让摄像头开启全屏模式 让你看清发生的一切 关于 tvOS 14 还有更多精彩内容 让我们欢迎 Cindy Lin 来为大家讲解 谢谢 Yah 我和我的家人最喜欢通过 Apple TV 放松和娱乐 有了 4K、HDR 杜比视界和杜比全景声 你能在你家客厅享受的影院式的体验 让所有电影和节目的视觉 和音响效果超凡绝伦 但 Apple TV 不只是视频 你可以通过它去听 整个 Apple Music 专题 甚至跟着同步好的歌词一起唱 你可以通过它玩各种好玩的游戏 包括 Apple Arcade 里的所有游戏 我们还可以通过扩展多用户支持 让在 Apple TV 玩游戏变得更加个性化 现在你可以迅速让游戏 回到之前的保存进度 只需打开控制中心 在用户之间进行切换 你就能看到你的游戏进度、成就和好友 为了增加趣味性 我们将添加对 Xbox Elite 无线控制器 2 代和 Xbox Adaptive Controllers 的支持 有大量可选的健身 app Apple TV 也会帮助大家 在家也能保持运动 有了 tvOS 14 我们将让你的体能训练和 你在 Apple TV 所做的一切 变得更富有成效 办法就是 在整个 Apple TV 体验中 扩展画中画功能 这样你就能跟进新闻 或者不错过一场重要比赛的任何一瞬间 你甚至可以把隔空播放的会话 放到一个画中画窗口里播放 隔空播放功能也会变得更好 现在全家人可以共享 iPhone 拍下的精彩视频 分辨率高达 4K 加上视频、音乐、游戏还有更多其他功能 Apple TV 真的给所有人提供了一些东西 当然 没什么能比得上 被一个好故事所吸引 我们专门为此创立了一个服务 Apple TV+ 我们已经创建了一系列精彩的 Apple Originals 节目 全部都能在 Apple TV app 上观看 你可以在你喜爱的 Apple 设备 所有主流的流媒体播放器 和诸多热门的智能电视上下载这个 app 这个 app 已经普及到 超过十亿个屏幕上了 今年夏末 它也会在 Sony 和 Vizio 的智能电视上推出 今天 我们很高兴地告诉大家 我们正在制作的 一部新的 Apple TV+ Original 节目 大约七十年前 Isaac Asimov 带给了世人 一系列史诗般的经典小说 小说里描写了成百上千个世界 时间跨度成千上万年 很多人认为它是有史以来 最棒的科幻系列作品 我想现在分享一个片段 让大家先睹为快 这部杰作就是《Foundation》 （AN APPLE ORIGINAL） 他们会在明天逮捕我 还有你 这几乎没什么悬念 你熟悉我的工作 心理史学？ 理论上我熟悉 但我不知道它如何能和… 它不是理论 （由 Isaac Asimov 的开创性小说改编）

### Salvor

> **EN:** They're worried you can predict the future. [whirring]
> **ZH:** （由 Isaac Asimov 的开创性小说改编） 他们担心你能够预知未来

### Hari

> **EN:** They're worried people believe I can. [whirring] And they don't like the future I predict. The empire will fall. Order will vanish. There's massive events rushing to meet us.
> **ZH:** 他们担心人们相信我能够做到 他们不喜欢我预知的未来 帝国将灭亡 秩序将消失 诸多重大事件正在迅速涌向我们

### Salvor

> **EN:** Only we can shorten the darkness. [music fades] Wow. I'm super excited to watch Foundation when it comes to Apple TV+ next year. With Apple TV, your home has never been more entertaining. And with adaptive lighting, face recognition for cameras and these other great features, your time at home has never been more enjoyable. Now let me hand it back to Craig. Welcome back. Now let's talk about some big changes coming to macOS. Since its introduction, macOS has revolutionized the experience of using a computer by combining incredible power with incredible ease of use. And it's loved by all different types of users, from families and students to creative pros, businesspeople and, of course, software developers. And this year, we're taking the macOS experience you love even further. But what should we call it? Well, if you're a student of macOS, you know this question can only be answered by Apple's legendary crack marketing team. Their drug-fueled, minibus-driven vision quests have yielded some great names and, sadly, spawned a host of imitators. The truth is, we can't responsibly continue to inadvertently lead our competition to copy these methods when they clearly can't handle the trip. So this year, we're leaving our process shrouded in mystery and taking you straight to the glorious destination. Our next release of macOS is macOS Big Sur. macOS Big Sur introduces an entirely new design and major updates to some of the most essential apps on the platform. And just like its name, Big Sur brings you unmatched levels of power and beauty. Let's start with design, where we're making the biggest change since the introduction of Mac OS X. To tell you more about the philosophy and incredible craftsmanship behind the new design, here's a short video with Alan Dye. [piano playing] At Apple, design has always been about great ideas. Those ideas then are developed with this obsessive dedication to detail. If we care enough about all the details that make up a product, then in the end we will have designed an experience that really feels like there's no other way it could be. And the best example of this is macOS Big Sur. Our goal was to bring even more clarity to the design of the software while retaining the Mac's powerful capability and ease of use. We started with the simplest of elements, from the shape of a corner radius to refinements in buttons and controls. And we brought our unified language of symbols to the Mac, making them more consistent and easier to recognize. Depth, shading and translucency are used to create hierarchy. These new materials are rich, and they're vibrant. They bridge light and dark. We've reduced visual complexity to keep the focus on users' content. Buttons and controls appear when you need them, and they recede when you don't. There's a new way to access system-level controls and a unified space for notifications and widgets. We've also created a new suite of sounds. They're familiar to the Mac, but remastered and more refined. [pulses] [alert notifications chiming] We wanted consistency throughout the ecosystem, so users can move fluidly between their Apple devices. But we also love that Mac icons have a deep history and a distinct look and feel. So we've retained many of the highly crafted details and the playful elements that make Mac icons unique. This OS reflects an important history. It's familiar, but it's also entirely new in every detail. We love the Mac. It's the tool we use to make all the products that we put out into the world. And macOS Big Sur is where it starts.
> **ZH:** 只有我们能缩短黑暗持续的时间 （开启未来） （2021年） 哇 明年就能在 Apple TV+ 上 观看 《Foundation》 太令人兴奋了 有了 Apple TV 你就只想待在家里玩 （家） 使用自适应照明 摄像头的面部识别功能 和这些其它激动人心的功能 你在家的时间会更加富有乐趣 现在将时间交给 Craig 欢迎回来 现在 让我们来看看 macOS 即将出现的重大变化 从它进入市场以来 macOS 革新了使用电脑的体验 将令人难以置信的强大功能 和易用性结合在一起 各种类型的用户都喜欢使用这种操作系统 包括家庭用户和学生 创作专业人士 商务人士 当然还包括软件开发者 今年 我们将让人们喜爱的 macOS 更上一层楼 但是我们应该怎么为它命名呢？ 如果你对 macOS 颇有研究 那么你就会知道 这个问题只有 Apple 公司 传奇的营销团队才能回答 他们充满激情的疯狂追寻 碰撞出很多伟大的名字 不幸的是也出现了大量的模仿者 实际上 我们不能再继续 不经意地任由我们的竞争对手 去效仿这些方法 因为他们明明承受不起 所以今年 我们将碰撞灵感的过程 笼罩在神秘之中 直接将你们带向辉煌的目的地 我们下一版本的 macOS 被称为 macOS Big Sur macOS Big Sur 对平台上 一些基本的 app 引入了全新的设计和一些重大更新 就像它的名称一样 Big Sur 为你呈现 无与伦比的强大功能和美丽外观 我们首先看看它的设计 这是自 Mac OS X 被推出以来 变化最为重大的一次 为了更详细地阐述新颖设计背后的哲学 和难以置信的工艺技巧 请看看 Alan Dye 的短片 在 Apple 设计始终与伟大的想法有关 这些想法的开发过程 则又充满了对细节狂热的专注 如果我们对组成产品的各种细节足够关注 那么最后我们设计出的这种体验 将使我们感觉到 不可能有另外的方式能够实现 最好的例子就是 macOS Big Sur 我们的目标是软件的设计更加清晰 同时保持 Mac 强大的功能和易用性 我们从最简单的元素开始 从圆角的半径到按钮和控件的改良 我们将符号的统一语言引入了 Mac 使其更加统一和易于识别 使用深度 阴影和半透明 来创建层级 这些新材料非常丰富且充满生机 它们连接着明亮与黑暗 我们减少了视觉复杂性 以保持专注于用户内容 当你需要时才会出现按钮和控件 当你不需要时便会隐藏 访问系统级控件也有着全新的方式 通知和小组件也有着统一的空间 我们还创建了一套新的声音 都是 Mac 上熟悉的声音 但经过重制 使其更加动听 （Ivy 发送中…） （你好！） 我们想让整个生态系统具有一致性 这样 用户就可以在 Apple 设备之间自由切换 但我们也喜欢 Mac 图标 有着深厚的历史印记 以及独特的外观和感觉 所以我们保留了许多精巧的细节 和有趣的元素 使 Mac 图标保持独特性 这种 OS 反映了重要的历史 它让人感觉熟悉 但每个细节又是全新的 我们喜爱 Mac 它是我们的工具 用来创造走向世界的产品 macOS Big Sur 是个新的开始

### Craig Federighi

> **EN:** So that's the thinking behind our new design. Now let me show it to you in action with a demo. As Alan said, we've refined some of the most iconic elements of the Mac experience. Let's start with the Dock. It has an elegant new design that floats along the bottom of your desktop. And you'll notice that we've created gorgeous new app icons for all of your favorite apps. Speaking of apps, let's take a look at the Finder. You notice it has a gorgeous new top-to-bottom design for the sidebar, and it has a compact, space-efficient toolbar. Makes it really easy to get to all of your controls. Next, let's take a look at Mail. You can see that Mail has all-new glyphs in the sidebar, and you may have noticed that we've brought color back as well. Now, each app uses its own key color. That same color is used for the elegant new rounded row selection style here in the message list. Now, the toolbar makes it really easy to get to all your controls. Check out how the search bar expands as I click on it. And, of course, other operations like filtering, they're just a click away. Next, let's take a look at Photos. It's just stunning. You can get to all your albums and media types from the sidebar, and the photo grid is backed by Metal, so animations are super smooth whether I'm scrolling, transitioning or zooming all the way in or all the way out. It's beautiful. Now we've refreshed the design for all the apps on the system, from apps like Calendar and Notes to Podcasts and Music, with its new Listen Now pane. And an all-new version of iWork that features a simplified toolbar. You may have noticed we've also updated the menu bar. It's now translucent and elegantly takes on the color of your desktop picture. And we've updated the layout of menus as well. We've given all the items just a little bit more room to breathe. Now, on the Mac, we love our ability to get directly at controls, like Wi-Fi or Sound. And you can see that we've reworked these to be even more useful. But we've gone even further this year by giving you one place to get at all your controls. We've brought Control Center to the Mac. All of my controls are here, and it's really easy to make adjustments. For instance, I can change display brightness here or I can click to dive in for more, like turning on Dark Mode or activating Night Shift. And what's really cool is that I can customize the menu bar with any of these controls. So, say I want one-click access to Do Not Disturb. I can just click and drag it right into my menu bar and customize just like that. Now we've also reinvented Notification Center. You can access it by clicking on the time in the upper right. And as you see, we now have a single view that brings your notifications and widgets together all in one place. And we now group related notifications together. You can easily expand them to take a closer look or clear them all out in one step. And we're bringing our redesigned widgets to the Mac. They're really beautiful. And you have all-new ways to customize them. I'm just gonna click "Edit Widgets" down here at the bottom. And you can see I have a gallery of all my widgets, and they come in a variety of sizes. I can select between them just like this. And developers can bring their own widgets as well, like this one here from Day One. Now adding widgets is easy. Let's start by adding, say, the World Clock. Maybe I'll add Notes in. And it'd be kind of cool to add my Reminders list as well. So that's a look at Widgets, Notification Center and our all-new design in Big Sur. Next, there are exciting updates for some of the most-used apps on the Mac. First, let's talk about Messages. Messages on the Mac is designed to work seamlessly with all of your devices, so your SMS and iMessage conversations are in sync no matter what device you're using. Now this year we're taking Messages to the next level with a ton of great new features. We're introducing powerful search to help you find what you're looking for. We have a redesigned photo picker to make sharing photos and videos easier. And Memoji. You can now create and edit your Memoji right on your Mac. And Memoji stickers bring personality to messages, giving you fun ways to express yourself in all of your conversations. Messages effects helps you celebrate special moments and get your point across. And you're also getting pinned conversations that are synced across devices so you can always get to them, along with new Groups enhancements. So that's what's coming to Messages on Mac: powerful tools to manage your conversations and new ways to express yourself. Next up, Maps. Apple Maps is the best way to explore and navigate the world, whether you're planning a trip on the Mac or using turn-by-turn directions on your iPhone. Today I'm excited to announce an all-new version of Maps for the Mac. To start, Maps features a stunning new design that makes it easy to find your way around using Apple's detailed new map. And for the first time on the Mac, Favorites like home, work or that great coffee shop on the corner are now just a click away. You can now create your own Guides of all the places you want to visit right on your Mac. And before leaving for the airport, you can check where your gate is located with indoor maps or explore your destination city with Look Around, which is incredible on the big screen. We've even brought other useful features to the Mac, like the ability to see the progress of friends who have shared their ETA with you. And the Mac gets all the other new Maps features we just introduced in iOS 14. And that's just a taste of what's coming in the all-new Apple Maps on the Mac. Next let's talk about Mac Catalyst. Catalyst gives developers a big head start in creating a Mac app from an iPad app. Take, for instance, our recent release of Swift Playgrounds for Mac. Catalyst gave us a big head start creating the app, and we were able to spend our development time crafting a great Mac experience. Today we have some improvements to Mac Catalyst I'd like to share. This year, developers will be able to optimize their apps to fully utilize the native resolution of the Mac screen, providing total control of every pixel. We've also given developers new capabilities, including powerful new menu and keyboard APIs and updated controls like checkboxes and date pickers. They look great with the new design of macOS. In fact, we used Catalyst with the new version of Maps. And just as you'd expect, it's a full-fledged Mac app that runs natively and is designed in a way that's true to the Mac. So you get multiple resizable windows, keyboard shortcuts and everything else you'd expect from a native Mac app. And we did the same thing for Messages. Maps and Messages join the great set of apps from Apple that already use the Mac Catalyst technology. And there's a growing list of third-party Catalyst apps available on the Mac App Store. Next... Safari. Our users love Safari for its speedy performance, power efficiency and state-of-the-art privacy protections. And it delivers all of that while making it easy to get to your bookmarks, tabs and browsing history across all of your devices. This year, we're building on Safari's amazing performance, elegant design and pioneering privacy protections to deliver the biggest update to Safari since it was first introduced. As you know, Safari has long been the world's fastest desktop browser. This year, Safari's performance running JavaScript is better than ever and continues to significantly outpace all other major browsers. And now, when it comes to page loading, we're even faster there too. In fact, when loading frequently visited websites, Safari is now on average more than 50% faster than Chrome. And Safari delivers this amazing performance while continuing to deliver industry-leading battery life. And of course, Safari is continuing to build on its pioneering track record of protecting user privacy. Safari was the first browser to introduce private browsing, cookie blocking, and most recently, Intelligent Tracking Prevention. This year, we want to give our users even more visibility into how each site they visit tries to track them and the ways that Safari protects them. So now users can click on the Privacy Report button in the toolbar when they visit a site to better understand how that site is treating their privacy. In addition to monitoring unwanted tracking, Safari now also securely monitors your saved passwords to ensure that they haven't been compromised in a data breach. And this is also a big year for extensions in Safari. We're adding support for the WebExtensions API so developers can easily bring over extensions that they built for other browsers. And we're building an all-new category in the Mac App Store to showcase Safari extensions so users can easily find them. Now extensions are very powerful but can introduce privacy challenges. In other browsers, extensions can access every page you visit, every tab you open, even everything you type. So we're doing even more here. In Safari, you choose which sites each extension can work with, and you can even give them access just for the day, just for the website or all the time. But improved performance, power efficiency and privacy protections are only the start. We have a whole slew of new features this year. From a customizable start page to redesigned tabs that are more elegant and powerful, and native translation capabilities built right into Safari. To tell you more, I'll hand it off to Beth Dakin. Thanks, Craig. I'm so excited to give you a tour of the brand-new Safari. When you open Safari, right away you'll notice the new look. It's clean and fresh. I want to show you one of my favorite new features: the customizable start page. I love it because I can make it my own. It's easy to get to the customization controls here in the bottom corner. We think a lot of people are gonna want to set a background image, and there's a beautiful gallery of curated wallpapers to choose from. You can use one of your own photos, too, and I know I want a photo of my son. I have a few really cute ones here in the downloads. I can just drag and drop to set it. That is so perfect. You can add new sections to the start page too. Let's add iCloud Tabs and Reading List. Let's take a look. There. This is perfect. I use Reading List all the time, and now it's so easy to get to. Another way that you can dial in Safari to suit your specific needs is with extensions. I can't wait for you developers to bring your web extensions to Safari. I've gone ahead and downloaded a few web extensions to take a peek. So let's go here to the Safari preferences to enable them. And I'll enable Power Thesaurus and Recipe Filter. So each of the extensions that I just enabled now has its own button here in the toolbar. Let me show you Recipe Filter. I love this one. So this extension will search the web page for a recipe, and if it finds one, it will pop it up in a little card. It's been a great accelerator for me when I'm building a grocery list. So the extension hasn't done anything yet because I haven't granted permission. So let me click on the toolbar button, and I'm going to allow this extension for one day. And when I click here, it'll do its thing. So here we go. And there it is. So useful. Okay, so I have my personality pretty thoroughly stamped over Safari at this point. And you know, I use Safari for a lot of personal things, and Apple makes sure my private life stays private. Privacy is essential to everything we do at Apple, and it's critical on the web. And now you can see what Safari is doing to protect you. If I click on the Intelligent Tracking Prevention button, I can see the number of known trackers that Safari protected me from on this web page. I can click here to see a list of the known trackers right here in this popover. And the full privacy report is just one click away. And that's what we have for privacy in the new Safari. Next I'd like to talk about tabs. If you love tabs, you're going to love the new Safari. It's easier and more efficient than ever to work with lots of tabs. So I have another window here, and right away you'll notice that there are icons and tabs, which makes it so easy to spot what you're looking for. And if I open more tabs, then you'll see more of them at once because the tabs get smaller and use the space more efficiently. If it's a little hard to find what you're looking for with this many tabs, that's no problem. You can just hover over tabs and see a nice preview of the page. I'm ready to clean up now, and that's easy too. I can just bring up the context menu here and close all tabs to the right. Just like that. We are so excited that the new Safari has built-in translation. Let me show you. So here on this website, on El Mundo, Safari has detected that this is not in my primary language, and it's added the translation icon to the smart search field. I can click here, and let's translate this page to English. It'll happen inline. And as more content is added, that gets translated dynamically too. Those are some highlights, but there is so much more to the new Safari. Back to you, Craig. Thanks, Beth. So that's Safari. It's a huge release, with new ways to customize, big improvements to your browsing experience like tabs and translation, and even stronger privacy protection to keep your browsing your business. And that's macOS Big Sur, the biggest update to design since the original introduction of Mac OS X, significant updates to Messages and Maps and the biggest update to Safari ever. But these changes are only the beginning. For years now, down deep, below the surface, we've been working on something truly profound. To tell you more, I'll hand it back to Tim. Thanks, Craig. Big Sur is going to be a great release of macOS. But that's only part of the story, because today is going to be a truly historic day for the Mac. Today we're going to tell you about some really big changes, how we're going to take the Mac to a whole new level. From the very beginning, the Mac redefined the entire computer industry. The Mac has always been about innovation and boldly pushing things forward, embracing big changes to stay at the forefront of personal computing. The Mac has had three major transitions in its history. The move to PowerPC, the transition to Mac OS X and the move to Intel. And now it's time for a huge leap forward for the Mac, because today is the day we're announcing that the Mac is transitioning... to our own Apple Silicon. When we make bold changes, it's for one simple yet powerful reason: so we can make much better products. When we look ahead, we envision some amazing new products, and transitioning to our own custom silicon is what will enable us to bring them to life. At Apple, integrating hardware and software is fundamental to everything we do. That's what makes our products so great. And silicon is at the heart of our hardware. So having a world-class silicon design team is a game changer. To tell you more about Apple Silicon and how it will take Mac to the next level, I'd like to send you over to Johny Srouji at one of our labs in an undisclosed location. ["I'm Getting Tired" by Jacknife Lee playing] [song ends] Welcome to our lab. We've been building and refining our Apple Silicon for over a decade. The result is a scalable architecture that is custom-designed for Apple products, and it leads the industry in features and performance per watt. So I'd like to tell you how we got here and what it means for the Mac moving forward. It all started with the iPhone. The iPhone demanded performance and capabilities that were seen as impossible in a device that small. This is where we developed our relentless focus on performance per watt. Generation after generation, we pushed the boundaries of technology, which enabled us to improve performance and energy efficiency, while building advanced and industry-leading features. Our team delivered ten generations of increasingly complex and rich designs, always improving performance. In fact, CPU performance in the iPhone has improved by over a hundred times, keeping the iPhone's performance ahead of every other phone in the industry. Another opportunity for the team was the iPad. While iPhone chips could drive our mainstream iPads, we wanted to push the iPad even further. It began with the iPad's Retina display, which demanded a custom chip. So the team scaled our architecture and designed the most-optimized and highest-performance chip possible for the iPad. Starting with the A5X, we built a line of SoCs specifically designed for the iPad. We doubled the iPhone's graphics performance through a larger GPU and a wider memory subsystem. This put the iPad in a class by itself. Compared to the very first iPad, the latest iPad Pro delivers over 1,000 times faster graphics performance in just ten years. This is part of the reason why the iPad Pro is faster than the vast majority of PC laptops. And this foreshadows how well our architecture will scale into the Mac. Another place where we applied our focus was the Watch. We scaled our SoC architecture to optimize performance for the device's unique low-power requirements, and we built a chip perfectly suited for Apple Watch. Our SoCs enable each of these products with unique features and industry-leading performance per watt, and it makes each of them best in class. And we do this at an enormous scale. In fact, adding all of the processors across these three products, we've shipped over two billion in just ten years. And we've designed and shipped billions of additional chips that work together with our SoCs to enable our amazing products. And now we're bringing all of that expertise and that same focused and disciplined approach to the Mac. The first thing this will do is give the Mac a whole new level of performance. Now, when we talk about performance, we have to talk about power, because all systems built today are constrained by power consumption, thermals, or both. Among today's consumer systems, desktops deliver the highest performance but consume the most power. Notebooks trade off performance for lower power, making them portable. As you can see, normally to get more performance you have to consume more power. When you take a closer look at this chart, you realize you want to operate in the upper-left corner. You want to deliver the highest performance at the lowest power consumption. And that's exactly where we want to take the Mac. Building up on our years of experience designing the world's most energy-efficient chips, our plan is to give the Mac a much higher level of performance while at the same time consuming less power. So, much better performance is reason enough to transition the Mac to Apple SoCs. But that's just part of the story. Our scalable architecture includes many custom technologies that when integrated with our software will bring even more innovation to the Mac. With our advanced power management, we will maximize performance and battery life better than ever before. Our Secure Enclave will bring best-in-class security, and our high-performance GPU is going to bring a whole new level of graphics performance to every Mac, making them even better for Pro Applications and really great for games. And combined with our neural engines, our chips will make the Mac an amazing platform for machine learning. And we're bringing many other custom technologies, such as our video-display and image-processing engines, that will help make the Mac better than ever before. So, what does all of this mean for the Mac? First, we're designing a family of SoCs specifically for the Mac product line. Second, just like we did with the iPhone, iPad and Watch, we're going to bring great technologies to the Mac. This will give the Mac a unique set of features and incredible performance. And third, we'll have a common architecture across all of our product lines, making it far easier for developers to write and optimize software for the entire Apple ecosystem. Ultimately we know that bringing our SoCs to the Mac will allow us to build much better products, and the Mac will take another huge leap forward. Now, a key advantage we have is the tight integration of our silicon with our software. To tell you more about how macOS will run on Apple SoCs, here is my colleague, Craig. Thanks, Johny. Now let's talk about the technologies that we've built into macOS Big Sur that will make the transition to Apple Silicon smooth and seamless for both consumers and developers. These new Mac systems will be incredible, and users will want their favorite apps to take full advantage of the capabilities of our custom silicon. And the best way to do that is with native apps. So of course when we updated our apps for Big Sur, we built everything as native for Apple Silicon. And I'm happy to say we have all of our own Apple apps, including our most demanding Pro Apps like Final Cut Pro and Logic Pro, up and running as native now, and they'll be ready for customers on day one. So, how did we do this? We're using Xcode, just like all our developers will. Everything developers need to build apps for these new chips is built into the new version of Xcode. To get started, developers just open their app projects and recompile. The vast majority of developers can get their apps up and running in just a matter of days. And to deliver these apps, we've created Universal 2. It's a new type of Universal binary that works on both Intel-based Macs and Macs built on Apple Silicon. So developers can tap into the native power and performance of our new Macs and still support Intel-based Macs, all with a single binary for all of their users. Some of the biggest Mac developers have already gotten started. Microsoft is hard at work on Office for the Mac. And we've been working with Adobe on their flagship Creative Cloud, and many of their apps are already up and running great. So let's take a look at macOS running on Apple Silicon. So here we are on the desktop that we know and love. And I'm just gonna open up About This Mac. And what you see here is that we are running on our Apple Development Platform. This is a system built to support early development using the same A12Z processor currently shipping in iPad Pro. Now, I have a confession to make. This isn't the first time you've seen macOS running here. In fact, this is the same Mac that Beth and I used to demo all the new Big Sur features earlier. And as you saw earlier, we've updated all of our Apple apps and they're running great. Of course, a big part of the Mac experience is third-party apps, and we've been working with our friends at Microsoft, and they already have Office up and running natively on our new Macs. Let's take a look at Word. It runs great. Scrolling is super smooth. Everything you do is just super responsive. Next let's check out Excel. Just as you'd expect, complex sheets and elements like this map all update instantly. And next let's take a look at PowerPoint. It's using Metal for rendering, and it performs great. For instance, check out how I can see all the layers of my slide in 3D. The animation is perfectly fluid. Now, we've also been working closely with our friends at Adobe to bring Creative Cloud to our new Macs. Here's Lightroom running native on Apple Silicon. Navigating large libraries of DNG images is super fast, and all of Lightroom's editing controls are available right here. Let's apply an adjustment to this image. Well, that's much better. And we can apply that same edit to all of these images in a single step. Looks great. Next, let me show you the app I know many of you wanna see: Photoshop. Here is a five-gigabyte Photoshop file by photographer Stephen Wilkes. Now this is a heavy-duty document with lots of layers. Now let's add one more bird in there. Not totally comfortable with the level of social distancing, but let's keep going. And let's check out how smooth the animation is as I zoom out. Wow. Beautiful. Finally, let's turn to one of our most sophisticated apps: Final Cut Pro. Here it is running on Apple Silicon for the first time. Let's play back some 4K video. As you can see, playback is super smooth. And all your filters are here, and you can apply them in real time. Let's try some color correction. And I can even add animated titles and lens flare... all during live playback. And Final Cut takes advantage of the unique capabilities of the Apple Neural Engine with a new feature that analyzes video and intelligently crops it to keep the most important action in the frame. But that's not all. Final Cut fully exploits the system's multicore architecture to let us play back not just one or two, but three streams of full-resolution 4K ProRes, all on an A12Z processor. Amazing. So that's a first look at Universal apps on Apple Silicon. We're really excited to see so much great work on native apps. These apps even get more amazing when they're built to take advantage of the Silicon's powerful capabilities. Like its incredible CPU and graphics performance, a unified memory architecture and the Neural Engine which accelerates advanced machine-learning tasks. The transition to Apple Silicon is also great for developers who've already optimized their apps for other Apple platforms. The shared architecture across our products means that their code will absolutely sing on our new Macs. And there's even more to the story. We're doing some really important things to make this transition seamless for our users. Now, while we expect most developers will go native immediately, we wanna make sure that users can run all of their apps on day one, even if some apps haven't yet been updated. Now, we've been down this road before. When we transitioned from PowerPC to Intel processors, a cornerstone of that transition was Rosetta, a technology that makes it possible to run PowerPC apps on Intel-based Macs. macOS Big Sur will include a new version of Rosetta, Rosetta 2. Rosetta 2 automatically translates your existing Mac apps so they work on new Macs with Apple Silicon. And this time Rosetta is even faster, more powerful and more compatible. It translates the apps when you install them, so they can launch immediately and be instantly responsive. And Rosetta 2 can also translate code on the fly when needed, like for web browsers with just-in-time JavaScript compilers or for Java code. It even handles the most complex Pro Apps and their plug-ins. Rosetta 2 is transparent to users, and the performance is amazing. We're also introducing new Virtualization technologies in macOS Big Sur. So, for developers who wanna run other environments like Linux or tools like Docker, we have you covered. When you put all of these technologies together, Universal, Rosetta and Virtualization, you have a system that can run an amazing diversity of apps. To show you how this all comes together, I'll hand it over to Andreas Wendker. Thanks, Craig. Let's take a look at some existing apps running under Rosetta. Rosetta, of course, works great with all sorts of apps you use every day. But for our first demo, I'd like to show you something a bit more challenging. This is Maya, the powerful animation and modeling software running great here on Apple Silicon. I already have a model open that consists of over six million polygons and, as you can see, I can fluidly move around in this scene. So let's make it more challenging and bring in textures and shaders as well. And still, everything is incredibly fluid. So Rosetta works great, and the performance is simply fantastic. But Rosetta isn't just for apps. It also works amazingly well with games. I can even use a game controller. This is Shadow of the Tomb Raider, a high-end AAA game that's using our Metal APIs. I downloaded it directly from the Mac App Store, so it's completely unmodified, and it is absolutely beautiful. Let me jump into the water. You can see some of the lighting effects here. And as I follow the path, you can see the game is responsive, it's smooth, and the best part is, you're running the 1080p as a translated app and an emulation. So these new Macs, they are fast. You can see some more of the lighting effects here. It's awesome what Rosetta can do with existing games. Now, as Craig mentioned, many of our users rely on apps from other environments. So let me bring up a Linux VM in Parallels Desktop. You can see the graphical user interface designed for Linux here. But, of course, many developers like to use Linux for hosting servers. So let me dive down to the command line and launch in Apache Web Server. And now I can simply bring up Safari and browse the website of the server I just launched in the Linux VM. Here it is. Now I want to show you one more type of app to run on these new Macs that we haven't even told you about yet, and that is iPhone and iPad apps. Since they've been built to run on the same Apple Silicon that we're using on our new Macs, they will run natively, completely unmodified, on the new Macs as well. Let me show you a few. This here is one of my favorite games, Monument Valley 2. It's fun to play here on the new Mac. And if I want to catch up on my guitar lessons, I can use Fender Play. [guitar plays] Or if I want to relax at the end of the day a little bit, I can bring up the Calm app. And that was just a quick look at Rosetta, Virtualization and support for iPhone and iPad apps, giving users amazing versatility for running apps and other environments with macOS on Apple Silicon. Back to you, Craig. Thanks, Andreas. As you saw, Macs built with Apple Silicon will be able to run iPhone and iPad apps directly. Starting day one, users can download these apps right from the Mac App Store, and most apps will just work with no changes from the developer. With everything we're doing, the range of apps that users will be able to run on these new Macs is truly unprecedented. Together, we have all the technologies in place to make this an amazing transition. The vast majority of Mac apps can be recompiled as Universal in a few days, so users can have fast, native apps. Rosetta 2 runs existing Mac apps, our Virtualization technology makes it easier than ever to bring other environments, like Linux, to the Mac, and Mac users can, for the first time, run iOS and iPadOS apps directly, tapping into the world's most vital app ecosystem. Now, we know our Mac developers will be eager to get started on this new platform. So to get them going right away, we're launching a Quick Start Program. The focus of the Quick Start Program is to enable developers to make their apps Universal and take advantage of all the capabilities of Apple Silicon. Developers will have access to documentation and sample code, forums on developer.apple.com, priority DTS support incidents, and access to labs around the world. This program also includes new Developer Transition Kit hardware so developers can get going even before we ship production systems. The DTK hardware takes the form of a Mac mini, but one with an A12Z SoC inside. It has desktop specs, including 16 gigabytes of memory, a 512-gig SSD, and a complement of Mac I/O ports. Most significantly, it will include the macOS Big Sur developer beta and Xcode tools. Developers will be able to apply to the program at developer.apple.com today. We will be shipping units out starting this week so you can get to work. So that's how macOS Big Sur is paving the way for a smooth transition to Apple Silicon. This year, we're elevating the Mac to a whole new level. And it's an incredible opportunity for developers. I can't wait to see what you all create, and I can't wait until we can all be together in person again. And now, back to Tim. Thank you, Craig, and thank you, Johny. It truly is a historic day for the Mac. Our vision for the Mac has always been about embracing breakthrough innovation and having the courage to make bold changes. Every time we've done this, the Mac has come out stronger and more capable. And I have never been more confident about the future of the Mac than I am today. So, what's the timeline for this transition? Well, for developers, it begins this week with the valuable information delivered at this conference as well as applying for the Quick Start Program. And for the customers, we expect to ship our first Mac with Apple Silicon by the end of this year, and we expect the transition to take about two years. We plan to continue to support and release new versions of macOS for Intel-based Macs for years to come. In fact, we have some new Intel-based Macs in the pipeline that we're really excited about. What a huge leap forward for the Mac and for Apple. Apple Silicon will bring amazing technologies, industry-leading performance, and a common architecture across all of our products. What an incredible day of announcements. As you've seen, we haven't stopped innovating. We pushed all of our platforms forward in some amazing new ways. Our OS releases will be available as developer betas today. And each of them will have a public beta, including watchOS for the very first time, starting next month. And all of this great software will be available to our customers this fall. We hope you've enjoyed this very special keynote and that you're ready for the big week ahead, with over 100 engineering-led video sessions, one-on-one consultations with Apple engineers, and so much more. We can't wait to start working with all of you and watch you do the best work of your lives. At Apple, we've always drawn strength from the diversity of our global community because we truly believe when we all work together, we can change the world for the better. Thanks to you all for joining us. This has been such a big day, and it's only the beginning of a huge week to come. So let's have a great WWDC. ["Daydreamer" by Aurora playing] [song fades]
> **ZH:** 所以 那就是我们新设计背后的思考 现在我演示给你们看看实际操作 正如 Alan 所说 我们对一些在 Mac 体验中 最具有标志性的元素做了改进 我们先来看看程序坞 它有着设计优雅的外观 在桌面的底部悬浮着 你会注意到我们为所有你喜欢的 app 都创造了漂亮的新 app 图标 说到 app 我们来看看访达 你可以看到其在边栏 有着漂亮的整体新设计 外形紧凑 有效利用空间的工具栏 使你更容易使用全部控件 然后 我们来看看邮件 你可以看到邮件的边栏拥有了全新图标 你可能还注意到我们也把颜色加了回来 现在 每种 app 都使用它们自己的基色 相同的颜色也用于 优雅、饱满的行选风格 这就是全新的邮件列表 现在的工具栏使得 访问所有的控件更加容易 看看当我点击搜索栏时它是如何展开的 当然 类似于过滤等其它操作 只需要点击一下即可 然后 我们来看看照片 它太令人震惊了 你可以从边栏中 获取你的全部相册和媒体类型 有 Metal 支持的照片格 使动画非常平滑 不管我是上下滚动、转换 或是全面缩放 真的很美妙 我们现在更新了系统中所有 app 的设计 从日历和备忘录 到播客 app 和使用 全新“Listen Now”面板的音乐 app 以及一个配有 简化工具栏的全新版 iWork 你可能注意到我们还更新了菜单栏 它现在是半透明的 优雅地透着桌面图像的颜色 我们还更新了菜单的布局 让一切都不要那么紧凑 在 Mac 上 我们喜欢能够直接操作控件的能力 例如 Wi-Fi 或声音 你会发现我们对这些元素 重新进行了规划 使其更加有用 但是今年我们更进了一步 使你能够在一个地方访问所有控件 我们在 Mac 中引入了控制中心 我的所有控件都在那儿 并且非常容易进行调整 例如 我可以在这里改变显示亮度 我也可以点击进行更深入的调试 比如开启深色模式 或启用夜览 真正神奇的是我能够使用这些控件 定制菜单栏 譬如 如果我想一键访问勿扰模式 我只需点击并将其拖动到我的菜单栏 这样就自定义好了 我们也重建了通知中心 你可以点击右上方的时间来访问它 如你所见 我们现在由同一个视图 来显示通知和小组件 我们现在将相关通知归纳在一起 你能够方便地展开它们 以便进一步对其进行查看 或者一步全部清除 我们还为 Mac 带来了重新设计的小组件 它们真的非常漂亮 你能够以全新的方式对其进行自定义 我只需要点击位于底部的“Edit Widgets” 你就可以看见我有一整套的小组件 而且它们大小不一 我可以像这样在它们之间选择 开发者还可以纳入他们自己的小组件 就像这个来至自 Day One 的小组件一样 现在添加小组件非常简单 让我们从添加世界时钟开始 我可能还要添加备忘录 添加我的提醒事项列表也很酷 我们已经对 Big Sur 中的 小组件、通知中心 和我们全新设计进行了简要说明 下面我们来看看 Mac 上 一些常用 app 的激动人心的更新 首先 我们来看看信息 Mac 的信息设计旨在 让你在所有的设备上实现无缝同步 所以不管你用的是哪一个设备 你的 SMS 和 iMessage 信息对话 都能得到同步 今年我们将信息提升到了更高的层次 加入了大量让人心动的新功能 我们引入了强大的搜索功能 帮助你寻找想要找的内容 我们重新设计了照片挑选器 使你更方便地分享照片和视频 还有拟我表情 你现在能在 Mac 上创建并编辑拟我表情 拟我表情贴纸给信息增添了个性 使你在所有的聊天对话中 能够以有趣的方式表达自己 信息特效有助于你庆祝特别的时刻 还有助于传达你的观点 你还可以将聊天置顶 聊天内容会在不同设备之间同步 这样你永远可以找到它们 再加上新的群组增强功能 这就是 Mac 上信息的新特性 管理聊天对话的强大工具 和表达自我的新方式 下面我们谈谈地图 Apple 地图是探索和遨游世界的最佳方式 不管你是在 Mac 上规划旅行 还是在 iPhone 上使用逐向导航功能 今天我非常高兴地宣布 Mac 采用了一种全新版本的地图 首先 地图有着绝佳的新设计 能够让你使用 Apple 详细的新地图 来找到自己的路线 而且作为在 Mac 上首次出现的功能 现在只需点击一下就可以去到 收藏列表里储存的地点，比如家、工作 或者是街角那家很棒的咖啡厅 你现在可以在 Mac 上 为你想去的所有地方 创建你自己的指南 在去机场之前 你可以在室内地图上 查看你登机口的所在位置 或使用四处看看探索目的地城市 此功能在大屏幕上效果极好 我们还在 Mac 中加入了其它有用的功能 例如那些和你共享预计达到时间的朋友 我们可以查看他们具体的位置 Mac 具有我们刚在 iOS 14 中引入的 所有其他新地图的功能 以上就是对 Mac 上全新 Apple 地图的 简单介绍 下面我们来谈谈 Mac Catalyst Catalyst 为开发者提供了 一个良好的开端 让它们可以从 iPad app 中创建 Mac app 以我们最近发布的 Mac 版本的 Swift Playgrounds 为例 Catalyst 使我们在创建 这个 app 时领先一步 我们能够将我们的开发时间 用于构建良好的 Mac 体验上 今天 我想要分享一些 和 Mac Catalyst 有关的新改进 今年 开发者将能够优化他们的 apps 以便充分使用 Mac 屏幕的原始分辨率 完全控制每个像素 我们还为开发者提供了新功能 包括强大的新菜单和键盘 API 以及复选框和日期选择器等更新的控件 在 macOS 新设计下 它们看起来非常棒 事实上 我们的新版本地图 使用了 Catalyst 正如你们的想一样 它在本机运行 是一个完全成熟的 Mac app 其设计完全符合 Mac 的运行方式 所以你拥有 多个可调整尺寸的窗口、键盘快捷键 以及原生 Mac app 应该拥有的其它所有功能 我们对信息也进行了相同的更新 地图和信息都成为了使用 Mac Catalyst 技术的 一系列 Apple app 中一份子 在 Mac App Store 中 使用 Catalyst 技术的 app 越来越多 下面…谈谈 Safari 浏览器 用户喜欢 Safari 浏览器 喜欢其快速的性能、高能效 和最先进的隐私保护 在具备这些特性的同时 它还能让你在各种设备之间 轻松访问书签、标签页和浏览历史 我们今年基于 Safari 浏览器 令人惊异的性能 高雅的设计和开创性的隐私保护 给用户带来自 Safari 浏览器推出以来 最重大的一次更新 如你所知 Safari 浏览器长期以来 一直是世界上最快的桌面浏览器 今年 Safari 浏览器运行 JavaScript 的性能比以前要好很多 并继续遥遥领先于所有其它主要的浏览器 现在 在进行页面加载时 我们的速度也快得多 事实上 在加载经常访问的网站时 现在 Safari 浏览器 平均比 Chrome 快50%以上 Safari 浏览器 在提供这种优异性能的同时 还继续保持行业领先的电池续航时间 当然 Safari 浏览器仍在不断努力 巩固其在用户隐私保护方面的领先地位 Safari 浏览器是引入无痕浏览 阻止 Cookie 的第一款浏览器 最近还引入了智能防跟踪功能 今年 我们希望给用户更多透明度 让他们了解 访问的每个网站是如何追踪他们的 以及 Safari 浏览器是如何保护他们的 现在用户可以点击 工具条里的“隐私报告”按钮 使他们在访问网站时 更好地了解网站如何处理他们的隐私 除了监控不受欢迎的追踪 Safari 浏览器还能够 安全地监控你保存的密码 保证它们在数据泄露时不会被连累 对于 Safari 浏览器扩展 今年也是非常重要的一年 我们添加了 WebExtensions API 的支持 所以开发者能够轻松地 将他们给其它浏览器 构建的扩展移植过来 我们正在 Mac App Store 中 构建一个全新的类别 以展示 Safari 浏览器扩展 从而方便用户找到它们 现在，扩展非常强大 但是可能会导致隐私问题 在其它浏览器中 扩展可以访问你浏览的每个页面 你打开的每个标签页 甚至是你输入的每个字符 所以我们在这些方面做了更多工作 在 Safari 浏览器中 你来选择每个扩展可访问的网站 你甚至可以授权扩展只在当天访问 或仅访问该网站 或者随时访问 但是更强的性能 能效和隐私保护仅仅是开始而已 我们今年还要引入大量的新功能 包括可自定义的起始页 重新设计的更加美观和强大的标签页 以及 Safari 浏览器内置的翻译功能 更多内容 我将交给 Beth Dakin 来讲解 谢谢 Craig 我非常激动 能够为大家介绍全新的 Safari 浏览器 当你打开 Safari 浏览器时 马上就会注意到它的新外观 简洁而清爽 我想给大家展示我最爱的新功能之一 自定义起始始页 我超爱此功能 我可以把它变成自己的风格 在右下角即可轻松打开 自定义控件 我们猜很多人应该想要设置背景图 这有许多精心挑选的壁纸可供选择 你也可以用自己的图片 我想要用我儿子的照片 在下载文件夹里 有几张我儿子特别可爱的照片 我只要将照片拖放进来 即可设置好 太完美了 你可以在起始页添加新的部分 让我们来添加 iCloud 标签页和阅读列表 来看一下 看 完美 我经常用阅读列表 现在更加容易打开了 还有一种方法可以让 Safari 浏览器 更加符合个性化需求 就是使用扩展 我非常期待看到开发者们 能够将自己的扩展带到 Safari 浏览器 我提前下载了几个网页扩展来一睹为快 打开 Safari 浏览器使用偏好 启用扩展 启用 Power Thesaurus 和 Recipe Filter 我刚刚启用的这两个扩展 现在在工具栏上有了自己的按钮 我给大家看看 Recipe Filter 我超爱这个 这个扩展会搜索当前网页上的菜谱 如果找到了就会弹出一个小卡片 当我在列食材清单的时候 这个扩展为我省了不少事 因为我还没有给它权限 所以这个扩展现在还没有启动 让我点一下工具栏上的按钮 然后给这个扩展一天的权限 当我点击这里 这个扩展就运行了 你看 这就出来了 非常好用 目前 我的 Safari 浏览器 已经高度贴合我的个性了 如各位所见 我用 Safari 浏览器做很多私人的事情 Apple 保证了我的私人隐私不被侵犯 在 Apple 隐私是我们所有工作的基础 在网上更是关键 现在 你可以看到 Safari 浏览器 是如何保护你的隐私的 如果我点击这个智能防跟踪功能按钮 我可以看到网页上已知的跟踪器数量 Safari 浏览器保护我的隐私不受其侵犯 我可以点击这里 在这个弹出框里 看所有已知追踪器的清单 只需轻点一下 就能看到完整的隐私报告 这就是新的 Safari 浏览器里隐私的功能 接下来 我想跟大家聊一聊标签页 如果你喜欢标签页 那你一定会爱上新的 Safari 浏览器 在同时开启很多标签页的情况下 Safari 浏览器变得更加简单和高效 我还打开了另一个窗口 大家马上可以发现 这里有很多图标和标签页 这样一来 找东西就快多了 如果我打开更多标签页 所有标签页都出现在这个窗口上 因为标签页变小了 空间的使用率提高了 在打开了这么多标签页的情况下 想要找到自己想要的网页有点困难的话 完全不是问题 你可以将鼠标指针停在标签页上 就会出现这个网页的预览 我现在可以关掉了 关标签页也很简单 我可以打开环境菜单 把当前标签页右边的所有标签页都关掉 就这么简单 我们非常激动 新的 Safari 浏览器有了内置翻译功能 我来为大家演示一下 在《世界报》网站上 Safari 浏览器检测到了 这不是我的主要语言 所以在智能搜索框里 Safari 浏览器加上了翻译图标 我点击这里 就能把这个网页翻成英文 翻译文本会直接替换 当下滑显示更多内容时 也会实时动态进行翻译 除了这些重点功能 新 Safari 浏览器还有更多功能待你发掘 把画面交还给 Craig 谢谢你 Beth 这就是 Safari 浏览器的介绍 这是一个重量级发布 带来了全新的自定义方式 能够大大改善浏览体验 像是标签页和翻译功能等等 还有更加强大的隐私保护机制 让你的浏览只属于你自己 这就是 macOS Big Sur 这是自 Mac OS X 问世以来 对设计最为大刀阔斧的升级 信息和地图功能也有重大革新 而 Safari 浏览器更是迎来了 有史以来最大规模的更新 但这些变化仅仅是开始 多年以来 在深度保密的情况下 我们一直都在钻研一些更深层次的东西 为了让大家了解更多 我现在把画面交回给 Tim 谢谢 Craig Big Sur 将会成为 macOS 的重大发布 但这并不是全部 因为今天将会是 Mac 产品线真正 具有历史意义的一天 今天我们会向大家 介绍一些非常重大的变革 展示我们将如何 把 Mac 带到一个全新的阶段 从一开始 Mac 就重新定义了整个电脑行业 一直以来 Mac 都是勇于创新 大胆推进新技术 拥抱变革以站在个人电脑行业的最前端 Mac 共经历过三次重大变革 从最初的架构转变为 PowerPC 芯片 再转换到 Mac OS X 操作系统 然后迁移到 Intel 芯片 现在 Mac 又该向前大步跃进了 因为今天我们要宣布 Mac 将转换到… 我们自己的 Apple 芯片 我们之所以要做出大胆的革新 只为了一个简单却有力的原因 为了做出更好的产品 我们在展望未来时 会构思让人眼前一亮的新产品 而转换到我们自己的定制芯片 则能够让我们将这些构想付诸现实 （Apple 芯片） 在 Apple 硬件和软件的集成是我们一切工作的基础 这是我们产品出众的根本原因 而芯片则是硬件的核心 所以拥有一个世界一流的芯片设计团队 是带来变革的关键 为了让大家更进一步了解 Apple 芯片 以及它将如何带领 Mac 迈上新的高度 有请 Johny Srouji 在我们一处位置保密的实验室 为大家带来介绍 欢迎大家来到我们的实验室 我们花了十几年的时间 来创造和优化 Apple 芯片 最终带来了一个可扩展架构 专为 Apple 产品定制的芯片 在特性和性能功耗比上实现了业界领先 下面为大家介绍一下开发历程 以及它对 Mac 未来发展的意义 一切始于 iPhone iPhone 所需的性能和能力 要在那么小的一个设备上实现 当时看几乎是不可能的 于是我们将重中之重放在了性能功耗比上 一代又一代 我们不断进行着科技突破 从而让我们能够改善性能和能耗效率 并开发出行业领先的高级功能 我们的团队已经带来了十代的产品 每一代的设计都更加复杂和丰富 性能不断得到改善 实际上 iPhone 中 CPU 的性能 已经提高了超过100倍 让 iPhone 的性能保持在业界榜首 团队遇到的另一个机遇则是 iPad 虽然 iPhone 的芯片能够驱动主流 iPad 我们还是想让 iPad 更进一步 一开始是因为 iPad 的视网膜显示屏 需要一个定制芯片 所以团队扩展了我们的架构 进而为 iPad 设计出了最为优化 以及最高性能的芯片 从 A5X 开始 我们打造了一系列 专为 iPad 设计的系统芯片 我们通过更大的图形处理器 和更宽的存储器子系统 将 iPhone 的图形性能提高了一倍 这使得 iPad 本身独具一格 最新推出的 iPad Pro 的图形性能 比第一代 iPad 快了一千倍 这样的变化只用了十年时间 这也是 iPad Pro 比大多数 PC 笔记本电脑 都要快的原因之一 这也预示着 将这一架构扩展至 Mac 当中 也会创造非凡效果 我们的另外一个重点领域是 Watch 我们扩展了系统芯片架构来优化性能 以满足设备独特的低能耗需求 我们为 Apple Watch 打造了完美适配的芯片 在我们系统芯片的帮助下 这些产品拥有独特的功能 且性能功耗比在业界遥遥领先 使得它们成为同类产品中的佼佼者 我们对系统芯片的应用非常广泛 事实上 把这三款产品 所使用的处理器加在一起 我们在短短十年间 便交付了二十亿个系统芯片 我们还设计并交付了数十亿其他芯片 这些芯片与系统芯片一道 让我们的产品卓尔不凡 而现在我们将这一专业技术 以及同样的专注有序的方法 应用在了 Mac 上 这一做法首先 能够将 Mac 的性能推上崭新的台阶 当谈及性能时 一个不得不提的话题就是能耗 因为当今所有的系统均受到能耗、散热 或者两者同时制约 （性能加能耗） 在当今的消费类产品体系中 台式电脑的性能最强大 但能耗也最高 笔记本电脑则牺牲性能以换取更少的能耗 以达到便携的目的 如大家所见 通常若想提高性能 能耗必然增大 若仔细看一下这个图表 会发现最理想的是 让产品落在左上这一区域 既要得到最高性能 又要最低能耗 而这就是我们对 Mac 的规划 基于我们多年 设计全球最节能芯片的经验 我们的计划是大幅提高 Mac 的性能 与此同时减少能耗 因此 大幅提升性能这一个理由 就足以让我们 把 Mac 换上 Apple 系统芯片 (SoC) 但这并不是全部 我们的可扩展架构包含多项定制技术 当这些技术与我们的软件整合在一起时 会为 Mac 带来更大的创新 在先进的电源管理系统帮助下 我们将最大化性能与电池续航时间 比之前更好、更强大 与同类产品相比 我们的安全隔区将实现最大的安全性 我们的高性能图形处理器 将为每一台 Mac 带来 更上一层楼的图形性能 使它们在专业应用方面更给力 且在游戏方面的表现更突出 芯片与神经网络引擎的结合 使得 Mac 的机器学习表现更优秀 同样我们还带来了很多其他的定制技术 比如视频显示与图形处理引擎 将 Mac 推上崭新的台阶 那么这些对 Mac 来说意味着什么呢？ 首先 我们正在设计针对 Mac 产品线的 一系列系统芯片 其次 如同 iPhone、iPad 和 Watch 一样 我们也会将卓越的技术应用在 Mac 上 这会给 Mac 带来一系列独特的功能 以及无与伦比的性能表现 第三点 我们这种共同架构 遍布全部产品线 大大方便了开发者用优化后的软件 为整个 Apple 生态系统编写程序 最终 我们都知道 把我们的 系统芯片应用在 Mac 上 会有助于我们做出更为出色的产品 Mac 则会再次取得巨大飞跃 目前我们拥有的一个关键优势是 我们的芯片和软件的紧密集成 macOS 如何在 Apple 系统芯片上运行的详情 有请我的同事 Craig 来讲 谢谢 Johny 现在我们来看一下 我们在 macOS Big Sur 上 内置了哪些技术可以确保用户和开发者 都能无缝顺畅地 过渡到使用 Apple 芯片 这些最新的 Mac 系统妙不可言 用户肯定会希望自己最喜欢的 app 充分利用上我们定制芯片的强大性能 而实现这个效果的最好方式就是 使用原生 app 所以 我们在为 Big Sur 更新我们自己的 app 时 当然就把这些 app 都打造成了适配 Apple 芯片的原生 app 我在这里可以很高兴地说 我们所有的 Apple apps 包括对系统要求最高的专业应用 比如 Final Cut Pro 和 Logic Pro 现在作为原生 app 运行都非常顺畅 消费者在新系统上线的第一天 就可以用上这些原生 app 那我们是怎么做到的呢？ 我们用了 Xcode 和我们所有开发者的做法如出一辙 开发者在为这种新芯片开发 app 时 需要用到的一切 都已内置到了新版 Xcode 中 开发者一开始只需打开自己的 app 项目 然后重新编译 通过这种方式 绝大多数开发者只需要花几天时间 就可以使自己的 app 在新系统上运行 为了开发出这些 app 我们创建了 Universal 2 这是一种新型 Universal 二进制程序代码 既可以在装有 Intel 芯片的 Mac 上运行 也能在装有 Apple 芯片的 Mac 上用 所以开发者可以使用 新 Mac 的原生性能运行自己的 app 同时，依然支持 基于 Intel 芯片的 Mac 对他们的所有用户都使用 同一套二进制代码 在那些最大的 Mac 开发者中 有些已经开始付诸行动了 Microsoft 在努力优化 Mac 版 Office 软件 而且我们一直在与 Adobe 合作 优化其旗舰产品 Creative Cloud 创意应用软件 而且他们的很多 app 已经可以非常顺畅地运行了 那我们来看一下 macOS 在 Apple 芯片支持下的运行情况吧 我们现在看到的是大家熟知和钟爱的桌面 我现在打开“关于本机” 大家现在看到的是 我们正在 Apple Development Platform 上运行 开发这个系统的目的是 为了支持早期开发 它用的是 A12Z 处理器 也是目前 iPad Pro 使用的芯片 现在我要和大家坦白一件事 这不是大家第一次看见 macOS 在这套系统运行了 其实这台 Mac 就是之前我和 Beth 用来演示 Big Sur 所有新功能时的那台 Mac 和大家之前看到的一样 我们把所有的 Apple app 都更新了 而这些 app 都运行得非常顺畅 当然 我们在使用 Mac 时 很多时候用的是第三方 app 我们一直在和 Microsoft 合作 Microsoft 的 Office 软件 已经在新 Mac 上顺畅运行了 让我们来看一看 Word 运行非常完美 上下滚动非常流畅 所有操作的响应都是那么流畅 接下来 让我们看看 Excel 如你所料 复杂的表格和像这张地图一样的元素 数据更新都是瞬间完成的 然后再来看一下 PowerPoint 它用 Metal 来做渲染 效果非常好 例如 大家看看我能在 3D 模式下 看到这页幻灯片的所有图层 动画效果流畅至极 我们还与 Adobe 公司紧密合作 从而让我们的新款 Mac 可以运行 Creative Cloud 创意应用软件 这是在 Apple 芯片上 直接运行的 Lightroom 浏览大型 DNG 图片库时速度超快 这里 Lightroom 所有的编辑控件 都是可用的 我们来对这张图片做一下调整 这样好看多了 我们只需要一步操作 就能批量编辑所有图片 看起来很不错 接下来我要展示的这个 app 大家想必都想看看 那就是 Photoshop 这是摄影师 Stephen Wilkes 用 Photoshop 做的文件 大小是 5GB 里面包含了很多个图层 处理起来任务量相当繁重 那么我们在这里再添加一只鸟 这个程度的社交距离让人不太舒服 不过我们还是继续吧 我们来看看 图片缩放时的动画效果有多么流畅 真是太美了 最后 我们再来看 我们最复杂精妙的 app 之一 Final Cut Pro 这是它第一次在 Apple 芯片上运行 我们来放一段 4K 视频 可以看到 视频播放非常流畅 所有的 filter 都在这里 可以实时应用到视频上 我们来试一下色彩校正 我还可以添加动画式字幕和镜头眩光 这都可以在播放期间实时进行 Final Cut 还可以利用 Apple 神经网络引擎的独特功能 对视频 进行分析和智能裁剪 让镜头时刻对准最重要的动作 但这并非全部 Final Cut 能够充分利用 该系统的多核架构 在一个 A12Z 处理器上可以同时播放 不止一、两个 而是三个视频流 而且都采用全分辨率的 4K ProRes 格式 全部运行在 A12Z 芯片上 这太惊人了 现在我们对 Apple 芯片上的 Universal app 有了初步了解 我们很高兴看到原生 app 上有这么多 超棒的功能 如果利用芯片的 各种强大功能构建这些 app 这些 app 还能变得更加出色 例如它出色的 CPU 和图形性能 它的统一内存架构和神经网络引擎 能让高级机器学习任务增速 对于已经针对其他 Apple 平台 优化过 app 的开发者而言 过渡成 Apple 芯片也很有好处 这个遍及我们产品的共享架构 代表着他们的代码 绝对能在新款 Mac 上正常运行 而且还不止于此 我们正在做一些很重要的事 能让我们的用户实现无缝过渡 虽然我们期待绝大多数开发者 都能马上开始开发原生 app 我们力图确保用户们能够在第一天 就顺利运行所有 app 哪怕其中有些 app 还没有更新 我们之前也经历过这样的事情 当初我们从 PowerPC 过渡为 Intel 处理器 过渡中最重要的部分就是 Rosetta 这个技术让 PowerPC 的 app 在 基于 Intel 的 Mac 上运行成为可能 macOS Big Sur 内包括一个 新版本的 Rosetta 也就是 Rosetta 2 Rosetta 2 能自动转译现有的 Mac app 让它们得以在采用 Apple 芯片的 新款 Mac 上运行 这次的 Rosetta 比以往更迅捷 更强大 兼容性也更高 它会在 app 安装时对其进行转译 这样它们便可以立刻启动 并且立即作出反应 Rosetta 2 还能在有需要的时候 转译运行中的代码 比如对采用准时制 JavaScript 编译器的 浏览器或是 Java 代码进行转译 无论多么复杂的专业应用及其插件 它都能够处理 Rosetta 2 对用户透明 其性能表现也十分出色 我们还会把新的虚拟化技术 引入 macOS Big Sur 如果开发者想运行 Linux 等其他环境 或是 Docker 之类的工具 这都没有问题 把所有这些技术聚合到一起 Universal、Rosetta、虚拟化技术 你将会得到一个能够运行 各种各样 app 的系统 下面请 Andreas Wendker 来讲一讲 如何将这几种技术聚合到一起 谢了 Craig 我们来看一看 在 Rosetta 下运行的几个现有的 app Rosetta 当然能够和 你日常使用的各种 app 良好协作 但作为我们的第一个演示版本 我想展示一些更有挑战性的内容 这是 Maya 一款功能强大的动画与建模软件 在 Apple 芯片上运行良好 我这里已经打开了一个模型 它由超过六百万个多边形组成 可以看到 我可以在这个场景里灵活移动 我们把 texture 和 shader 也加进去 让它变得更有挑战性一点 一切依然无比流畅 Rosetta 非常好用 性能表现也非同凡响 但 Rosetta 并非只服务于 app 它在游戏上的效果也非常出色 我甚至可以用游戏手柄来操作 这是《Shadow of the Tomb Raider》 一款使用我们 Metal APIs 的 高端 AAA 游戏 我是直接从 Mac App Store 下载的 完全没有修改过 而且非常棒 让我跳入水中 这里可以看到一些光照效果 在我沿着这条路往前走时 大家可以看到这款游戏响应及时 运行流畅 最棒的是 作为一款经过转译的 app 和一款通过模拟器运行的游戏 它可以在 1080p 下运行 这些新款 Mac 运行速度真是快 这里可以看到更多的光照效果 Rosetta 对现有游戏的影响 实在令人感到震撼 正如 Craig 之前所说 很多用户都需要用到其他环境下的 app 那么我现在在 Parallel Desktop 里 打开一个 Linux 虚拟机 这里可以看到针对 Linux 设计的 图形用户界面 当然 很多开发者喜欢用 Linux 来当主机服务器 那么我就通过命令行来实现这一点 开启 Apache Web Server 现在我可以打开 Safari 浏览器 浏览我刚刚在 Linux 虚拟机里 所启动的服务器的网站 就是这个 我想再给大家看一种可以 在新款 Mac 上运行的 app 我们还没有跟大家谈到过它 那就是 iPhone 和 iPad 上的 app 鉴于它们基于同款 Apple 芯片构建 与新款 Mac 的芯片一样 它们也可以完全不经修改 就在新款 Mac 上运行 下面我就来展示几款这样的 app 这是我很喜欢的一款游戏 《纪念碑谷 2》 在新款 Mac 上玩起来很有意思 如果我想补一下吉他课的进度 我可以使用 Fender Play 或者劳累了一天之后 我想稍微放松一下 那么我可以打开 Calm 至此 我向大家简单介绍了 Rosetta、虚拟化 以及对 iPhone 和 iPad app 的支持 给予用户无与伦比的多功能性 还有通过在Apple 芯片上运行的 macOS 来运行各种 app 和其他环境 Craig 把时间交还给你 谢谢你 Andreas 如你所见 采用 Apple 芯片的 Mac 能直接运行 iPhone 和 iPad app 从第一天开始 用户便可以 从 Mac App Store 下载这些 app 大多数 app 无需开发者对其进行改动 便可以直接运行 在我们的努力之下 用户在新款 Mac 上所能使用的 app 覆盖范围之广 堪称前所未有 我们把所有这些技术汇聚起来 完成这个令人惊喜的转换 绝大多数的 Mac app 只需短短几天 就可以被重新编译成 Universal app 好让用户能够享受到速度超快的原生 app 通过 Rosetta 2 来运行现有的 Mac app 有了我们的虚拟化技术 把如 Linux 这样的其他环境 放到 Mac 运行上变得前所未有的简单 Mac 用户有史以来第一次可以 直接运行 iOS 和 iPadOS app 进入到全世界最生机勃勃的 app 生态系统 我知道我们的 Mac 开发者 迫切想在这个新平台上开始工作 为了让他们立刻开始 我们将开展一个 Quick Start 计划 这个 Quick Start 计划的重点 是让开发者把他们的 app 变成 Universal 并充分利用 Apple 芯片的所有功能 开发者们将可以 从 developer.apple.com 的论坛上 获得说明文档和示例代码 优先开发者技术支持 (DTS) 事件 并能接触世界各地的实验室 该计划还包括新的 Developer Transition Kit (DTK) 硬件 这样在我们的量产系统面市之前 各位开发者就可以着手开始自己的工作了 DTK 硬件采用了 Mac mini 的外型 不过里面装的是一颗 A12Z 系统芯片 它拥有台式机的规格 包括 16G 内存 一块 512G 的 固态硬盘 以及附带的 Mac I/O 端口 最重要的是 它还包括 macOS Big Sur 开发者 beta 版 和 Xcode 工具 各位开发者今天即可申请参加这项计划 就在 developer.apple.com 我们本周将开始发货 这样你们就可以着手工作了 macOS Big Sur 就是这样铺平道路 让大家可以顺利过渡到 Apple 芯片 今年 我们将把 Mac 带到 前所未有的新高度 这对开发者来说是不可思议的机会 我迫不及待地想要欣赏 你们创造出来的作品 也迫不及待地想要与你们再次亲身相聚 下面，回到 Tim 谢谢 Craig 谢谢 Johny 对于 Mac 而言 这绝对是具有历史意义的一天 一直以来 我们对 Mac 的愿景都是 拥抱突破性创新 勇于做出大胆改变 每当我们做到这一点 Mac 就会变得更强、更有能力 今天 我对于 Mac 的未来 怀有前所未有的坚定信心 那么这个过渡的时间表是怎样的呢？ 对于开发者群体 从这周开始 我们会在本届大会上 向各位传达有价值的信息 同时开启 Quick Start 计划的申请程序 而对于消费者群体 第一款采用 Apple 芯片的 Mac 预期将在今年年底面市 我们预计这个过渡会花费大约两年时间 我们计划在未来几年里继续支持并发布 macOS 的新版 用来支持基于 Intel 芯片的 Mac 实际上 我们正在酝酿一些新的 基于 Intel 芯片的 Mac 我们对此十分期待 对于 Mac 和 Apple 而言 这真是一次巨大的飞跃 Apple 芯片将带来杰出的技术 业界领先的性能表现 以及触达我们全线产品的通用架构 今天的发布会满是惊喜 如你所见 我们从未停止过创新的脚步 我们通过一些全新的方式 推动所有平台向前发展 今天我们要发布的 OS 将作为开发者 beta 版上线 而且每个 OS 都将有一个公开 beta 版 包括首次采取这种做法的 watchOS 自下个月开始推出 今年秋天 各位消费者即可 用上这些出色的软件 希望大家喜欢这场特别的 Keynote 主题演讲 也希望大家已经做好准备 迎接未来精彩纷呈的一周 100 多场工程设计讲座 和 Apple 工程师的一对一咨询 和其他多项可参与的内容 我们迫不及待地想要 与你们所有人开展合作 亲眼看着你们打造出 你们人生中最满意的杰作 在 Apple 我们的力量一直来源于 全球群体的多样性 因为我们真心相信 只要我们团结协作 就一定能让世界变得更加美好 感谢各位观看本次演讲 今天的信息量已经如此之大 而这才只是刚刚开始 后面还有整整一周等待着我们 请尽情享受这届 WWDC 全球开发者大会吧

